>sen1 in abstract number 1
O-linked beta-N-acetylglucosamine (O-GlcNAc) is an abundant and
 essential intracellular form of protein glycosylation in animals and plants.

>sen2 in abstract number 1

 In humans, dysregulation of O-GlcNAcylation occurs in a wide range of
 diseases, including cancer, diabetes, and neurodegeneration.

>sen3 in abstract number 1
 Since its
 discovery more than 30 years ago, great strides have been made in
 understanding central aspects of O-GlcNAc signaling, including identifying
 thousands of its substrates and characterizing the enzymes that govern it.

>sen4 in abstract number 1

 However, while many O-GlcNAcylated proteins have been reported, only a small
 subset of these change their glycosylation status in response to a typical
 stimulus or stress.

>sen5 in abstract number 1
 Identifying the functionally important O-GlcNAcylation
 changes in any given signaling context remains a significant challenge in the
 field.

>sen6 in abstract number 1
 To address this need, we leveraged chemical biology and quantitative
 mass spectrometry methods to create a new glycoproteomics workflow for
 profiling stimulus-dependent changes in O-GlcNAcylated proteins.

>sen7 in abstract number 1
 In
 proof-of-principle experiments, we used this new workflow to interrogate
 changes in O-GlcNAc substrates in mammalian protein trafficking pathways.

>sen8 in abstract number 1

 Interestingly, our results revealed dynamic O-GlcNAcylation of COPgamma1, an
 essential component of the coat protein I (COPI) complex that mediates Golgi
 protein trafficking.

>sen9 in abstract number 1
 Moreover, we detected 11 O-GlcNAc moieties on COPgamma1
 and found that this modification is reduced by a model secretory stress that
 halts COPI trafficking.

>sen10 in abstract number 1
 Our results suggest that O-GlcNAcylation may regulate
 the mammalian COPI system, analogous to its previously reported roles in
 other protein trafficking pathways.

>sen11 in abstract number 1
 More broadly, our glycoproteomics
 workflow is applicable to myriad systems and stimuli, empowering future
 studies of O-GlcNAc in a host of biological contexts

>sen1 in abstract number 2
Stasimon (also known as Tmem41b) is an evolutionarily conserved
 transmembrane protein first identified for its contribution to motor system
 dysfunction in animal models of the childhood neurodegenerative disease
 spinal muscular atrophy (SMA).

>sen2 in abstract number 2
 Stasimon was shown to be required for normal
 neurotransmission in the motor circuit of Drosophila larvae and proper
 development of motor axons in zebrafish embryos as well as to suppress
 analogous neuronal phenotypes in SMA models of these organisms.

>sen3 in abstract number 2
 However, the
 subcellular localization and molecular functions of Stasimon are poorly
 understood.

>sen4 in abstract number 2
 Here, we combined immunoprecipitation with mass spectrometry to
 characterize the Stasimon interactome in mammalian cells, which reveals
 association with components of the endoplasmic reticulum (ER), mitochondria,
 and the COPI vesicle trafficking machinery.

>sen5 in abstract number 2
 Expanding on the interaction
 results, we used subcellular fractionation studies and super-resolution
 microscopy to identify Stasimon as an ER-resident protein that localizes at
 mitochondria-associated ER membranes (MAM), functionally specialized contact
 sites between ER and mitochondria membranes.

>sen6 in abstract number 2
 Lastly, through characterization
 of novel knockout mice, we show that Stasimon is an essential gene for mouse
 embryonic development.

>sen7 in abstract number 2
 Together, these findings identify Stasimon as a novel
 transmembrane protein component of the MAM with an essential requirement for
 mammalian development

>sen1 in abstract number 3
Normal neural development is essential for the formation of
 neuronal networks and brain function.

>sen2 in abstract number 3
 Cutaneous T cell lymphoma-associated
 antigen 5 (cTAGE5)/meningioma expressed antigen 6 (MEA6) plays a critical
 role in the secretion of proteins.

>sen3 in abstract number 3
 However, its roles in the transport of
 nonsecretory cellular components and in brain development remain unknown.

>sen4 in abstract number 3

 Here, we show that cTAGE5/MEA6 is important for brain development and
 function.

>sen5 in abstract number 3
 Conditional knockout of cTAGE5/MEA6 in the brain leads to severe
 defects in neural development, including deficits in dendrite outgrowth and
 branching, spine formation and maintenance, astrocyte activation, and
 abnormal behaviors.

>sen6 in abstract number 3
 We reveal that loss of cTAGE5/MEA6 affects the
 interaction between the coat protein complex II (COPII) components, SAR1 and
 SEC23, leading to persistent activation of SAR1 and defects in COPII vesicle
 formation and transport from the endoplasmic reticulum to the Golgi, as well
 as disturbed trafficking of membrane components in neurons.

>sen7 in abstract number 3
 These defects
 affect not only the transport of materials required for the development of
 dendrites and spines but also the signaling pathways required for neuronal
 development.

>sen8 in abstract number 3
 Because mutations in cTAGE5/MEA6 have been found in patients
 with Fahr's disease, our study potentially also provides insight into the
 pathogenesis of this disorder

>sen1 in abstract number 4
Starvation poses a fundamental challenge to cell survival.

>sen2 in abstract number 4

 Whereas the role of autophagy in promoting energy homeostasis in this setting
 has been extensively characterized(1), other mechanisms are less well
 understood.

>sen3 in abstract number 4
 Here we reveal that glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase
 (GAPDH) inhibits coat protein I (COPI) transport by targeting a
 GTPase-activating protein (GAP) towards ADP-ribosylation factor 1 (ARF1) to
 suppress COPI vesicle fission.

>sen4 in abstract number 4
 GAPDH inhibits multiple other transport
 pathways, also by targeting ARF GAPs.

>sen5 in abstract number 4
 Further characterization suggests that
 this broad inhibition is activated by the cell during starvation to reduce
 energy consumption.

>sen6 in abstract number 4
 These findings reveal a remarkable level of coordination
 among the intracellular transport pathways that underlies a critical
 mechanism of cellular energy homeostasis

>sen1 in abstract number 5
Cell-derived vesicles are membrane-enclosed organelles that
 transport material inside and outside the cell.

>sen2 in abstract number 5
 Plant-derived vesicles are
 receiving more and more attention due to their potential as nanovectors for
 the delivery of biologically active substances.

>sen3 in abstract number 5
 Here, we studied the
 heterogeneity and protein biocargo in citrus fruit juice sac cell-derived
 vesicles populations.

>sen4 in abstract number 5
 Micro- and nano-sized vesicle fractions were isolated
 from four citrus species, C. sinensis, C. limon, C. paradisi and C.
 aurantium, characterized using physicochemical methods and protein cargos
 were compared using label-free quantitative shotgun proteomics.

>sen5 in abstract number 5
 In each
 sample approximately 600-800 proteins were identified.

>sen6 in abstract number 5
 Orthologues of most of
 the top-ranking proteins have previously been reported in extracellular
 vesicles of mammalian origin.

>sen7 in abstract number 5
 High expression levels of patellin-3-like,
 clathrin heavy chain, heat shock proteins, 14-3-3 protein,
 glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase and fructose-bisphosphate aldolase 6
 were measured in all samples while aquaporin was highly expressed only in the
 nanovesicle fractions.

>sen8 in abstract number 5
 Bioinformatics revealed more than hundred protein
 orthologues potentially implicated in vesicular trafficking.

>sen9 in abstract number 5
 In particular,
 the presence of CCV, COPI and COPII coat proteins indicates the presence of
 heterogeneous populations of intracellular transport vesicles.

>sen10 in abstract number 5
 Moreover, a
 high number of different enzymes including hydrolases and oxidoreductases are
 ubiquities in citrus fruit sac cell-derived vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 6
Extracellular matrix (ECM) constitutes a proper
 micro-environment for cell proliferation, migration and differentiation, as
 well as playing pivotal roles in developmental processes including
 endochondral ossification.

>sen2 in abstract number 6
 Cartilage ECM is mainly composed of fibrous
 proteins, including collagen, proteoglycan, and hyaluronan.

>sen3 in abstract number 6
 Because almost
 all ECM components are transported by intracellular vesicular transport
 systems, molecules that mediate vesicle transport are also important for
 endochondral ossification.

>sen4 in abstract number 6
 Giantin, encoded by the Golgb1 gene, is a
 tethering factor for coatomer 1 (COPI) vesicles and functions in the
 cis-medial Golgi compartments.

>sen5 in abstract number 6
 An insertion mutation in the Golgb1 gene,
 resulting in a lack of giantin protein expression, has been detected in
 ocd/ocd rats that exhibit a pleiotropic phenotype including
 osteochondrodysplasia.

>sen6 in abstract number 6
 To reveal the function of giantin in chondrogenesis,
 the present study assessed the effects of loss of giantin expression on
 cartilage ECM and Golgi morphology.

>sen7 in abstract number 6
 Giantin was expressed in normal, but not
 in ocd/ocd, chondrocytes in the epiphyseal areas of embryonic femurs, whereas
 GM130 was expressed in both normal and ocd/ocd chondrocytes.

>sen8 in abstract number 6
 The staining
 intensities of safranin O and azan (aniline blue) were reduced and enhanced,
 respectively, in epiphyseal cartilage of ocd/ocd femurs.

>sen9 in abstract number 6
 Immunostaining
 showed that levels of type II collagen and fibronectin were comparable in
 normal and ocd/ocd cartilage.

>sen10 in abstract number 6
 Levels of type XI collagen were higher, while
 levels of aggrecan, link protein and hyaluronan were lower, in ocd/ocd than
 in normal cartilage, although semi-quantitative RT-PCR showed similar levels
 of type XI collagen, aggrecan and link protein mRNAs in normal and ocd/ocd
 cartilage.

>sen11 in abstract number 6
 Isolated chondrocytes of ocd/ocd and normal rats showed similar
 immunostaining patterns for cis-, medial-, and trans-Golgi marker proteins,
 whereas monolayers of ocd/ocd chondrocytes showed reduced levels of aggrecan
 and link protein and increased level of type XI collagen in spite of similar
 transcripts levels.

>sen12 in abstract number 6
 These findings suggest that giantin plays a pivotal role
 in coordinated production of aggrecan, link protein and type XI collagen in
 chondrocytes, and that loss of giantin causes osteochondrodysplasia with
 disturbance of these ECM components

>sen1 in abstract number 7
The coat protein complex I (COPI) allows the precise sorting of
 lipids and proteins between Golgi cisternae and retrieval from the Golgi to
 the ER.

>sen2 in abstract number 7
 This essential role maintains the identity of the early secretory
 pathway and impinges on key cellular processes, such as protein quality
 control.

>sen3 in abstract number 7
 In this Cell Science at a Glance and accompanying poster, we
 illustrate the different stages of COPI-coated vesicle formation and revisit
 decades of research in the context of recent advances in the elucidation of
 COPI coat structure.

>sen4 in abstract number 7
 By calling attention to an array of questions that have
 remained unresolved, this review attempts to refocus the perspectives of the
 field

>sen1 in abstract number 8
The yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae is widely used as a cell
 factory to produce recombinant proteins.

>sen2 in abstract number 8
 However, S. cerevisiae naturally
 secretes only a few proteins, such as invertase and the mating alpha factor,
 and its secretory capacity is limited.

>sen3 in abstract number 8
 It has been reported that engineering
 protein anterograde trafficking from the endoplasmic reticulum to the Golgi
 apparatus by the moderate overexpression of SEC16 could increase recombinant
 protein secretion in S. cerevisiae.

>sen4 in abstract number 8
 In this study, the retrograde trafficking
 in a strain with moderate overexpression of SEC16 was engineered by
 overexpression of ADP-ribosylation factor GTP activating proteins, Gcs1p and
 Glo3p, which are involved in the process of COPI-coated vesicle formation.

>sen5 in abstract number 8

 Engineering the retrograde trafficking increased the secretion of
 alpha-amylase but did not induce production of reactive oxygen species.

>sen6 in abstract number 8
 An
 expanded ER membrane was detected in both the GCS1 and GLO3 overexpression
 strains.

>sen7 in abstract number 8
 Physiological characterizations during batch fermentation showed
 that GLO3 overexpression had better effect on recombinant protein secretion
 than GCS1 overexpression.

>sen8 in abstract number 8
 Additionally, the GLO3 overexpression strain had
 higher secretion of two other recombinant proteins, endoglucanase I from
 Trichoderma reesei and glucan-1,4-alpha-glucosidase from Rhizopus oryzae,
 indicating overexpression of GLO3 in a SEC16 moderate overexpression strain
 might be a general strategy for improving production of secreted proteins by
 yeast

>sen1 in abstract number 9
In plant secretory pathways, the Golgi apparatus serves as the
 major sorting hub to receive de novo synthesized protein from the endoplasmic
 reticulum for further sorting to post-Golgi compartments or for residence in
 the cisternae of Golgi stacks.

>sen2 in abstract number 9
 Meanwhile, Golgi functions as a pivotal
 biochemical factory to make modifications of N-glycans and to produce mature
 glycoproteins.

>sen3 in abstract number 9
 Fluorescent tag-based confocal microscopy in combination with
 the brefeldin A drug or the genetic tools to disturb Golgi function have been
 shown as powerful approaches to analyze Golgi-mediated protein traffic in
 transiently expressed plant protoplasts or in stably expressed transgenic
 plants.

>sen4 in abstract number 9
 Various endoglycosidases like Endo H and PNGase F have been widely
 used to monitor Golgi-mediated glycosylation of secretory proteins.

>sen5 in abstract number 9
 Here,
 using fluorescently tagged Golgi-resident proteins and known glycosylated
 proteins as examples, we describe detailed protocols to analyze
 Golgi-mediated protein traffic and glycosylation in transiently expressed
 protoplasts derived from Arabidopsis suspension culture cells and in stably
 expressed transgenic plants

>sen1 in abstract number 10
Protein secretion mediated by the secretory transport pathway is
 an important cellular process in eukaryotic cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 10
 In the conventional
 secretory transport pathway, newly synthesized proteins pass through several
 endomembrane compartments en route to their specific destinations.

>sen3 in abstract number 10
 Transport
 of secretory proteins between different compartments is shuttled by small,
 membrane-enclosed vesicles.

>sen4 in abstract number 10
 To ensure the fidelity of transport, eukaryotic
 cells employ elaborate molecular machineries to accurately sort newly
 synthesized proteins into specific transport vesicles and precisely deliver
 these transport vesicles to distinct acceptor compartments.

>sen5 in abstract number 10
 In this review,
 we summarize the molecular machineries that regulate each step of vesicular
 transport in the secretory transport pathway in yeast and animal cells

>sen1 in abstract number 11
Triggering receptor expressed on myeloid cells 2 (TREM2) is a
 transmembrane protein expressed on microglia within the brain.

>sen2 in abstract number 11
 Several rare
 mutations in TREM2 cause an early-onset form of neurodegeneration when
 inherited homozygously.

>sen3 in abstract number 11
 Here we investigate how these mutations affect the
 intracellular transport of TREM2.

>sen4 in abstract number 11
 We find that most pathogenic TREM2 mutant
 proteins fail to undergo normal maturation in the Golgi complex and show
 markedly reduced cell-surface expression.

>sen5 in abstract number 11
 Prior research has suggested that
 two such mutants are retained in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER), but we find,
 using a cell-free coat protein complex II (COPII) vesicle budding reaction,
 that mutant TREM2 is exported efficiently from the ER.

>sen6 in abstract number 11
 In addition, mutant
 TREM2 becomes sensitive to cleavage by endoglycosidase D under conditions
 that inhibit recycling to the ER, indicating that it normally reaches a
 post-ER compartment.

>sen7 in abstract number 11
 Maturation-defective TREM2 mutants are also efficiently
 bound by a lectin that recognizes O-glycans added in the ER-Golgi
 intermediate compartment (ERGIC) and cis-Golgi cisterna.

>sen8 in abstract number 11
 Finally, mutant
 TREM2 accumulates in the ERGIC in cells depleted of COPI.

>sen9 in abstract number 11
 These results
 indicate that efficient ER export is not sufficient to enable normal
 cell-surface expression of TREM2.

>sen10 in abstract number 11
 Moreover, our findings suggest that the
 ERGIC may play an underappreciated role as a quality-control center for
 mutant and/or malformed membrane proteins

>sen1 in abstract number 12
PURPOSE: Glioblastoma (GB) is the most frequent and most
 malignant primary brain tumor in adults.

>sen2 in abstract number 12
 Previously, it has been found that
 both genetic and epigenetic factors may play critical roles in its etiology
 and prognosis.

>sen3 in abstract number 12
 In addition, it has been found that the epidermal growth
 factor receptor gene (EGFR) is frequently over-expressed and amplified in
 primary GBs.

>sen4 in abstract number 12
 Here, we assessed the promoter methylation status of 10 genes
 relevant to GB and explored associations between these findings and the EGFR
 gene amplification status.

>sen5 in abstract number 12
 METHODS: Tumor samples were obtained from 36
 patients with primary GBs.

>sen6 in abstract number 12
 In addition, 6 control specimens were included
 from patients who were operated for diseases other than brain tumors.

>sen7 in abstract number 12
 The
 amplification status of the EGFR gene, and its deletion mutant EGFRvIII, were
 evaluated using FISH and MLPA, respectively.

>sen8 in abstract number 12
 The IDH1/2 gene mutation status
 was verified using Sanger sequencing.

>sen9 in abstract number 12
 A commercial DNA methylation kit was
 used to assess the promoter methylation status of 10 pre-selected genes.

>sen10 in abstract number 12

 Metabolic profiles were measured using HR-MAS NMR spectroscopy.

>sen11 in abstract number 12
 The EGFR and
 ARF1 mRNA expression levels were quantified using qRT-PCR.

>sen12 in abstract number 12
 RESULTS: Of the 10
 genes analyzed, we found that only ARF1 promoter hypermethylation was
 significantly associated with EGFR gene amplification.

>sen13 in abstract number 12
 ARF1 is a GTPase that
 is involved in vesicle trafficking and the Golgi apparatus.

>sen14 in abstract number 12
 Subsequent tumor
 metabolism measurements revealed a positive association between EGFR
 amplification and different membrane precursors and methyl-donor metabolites.

>sen15 in abstract number 12

 Finally, we found that EGFR gene amplifications were associated with distinct
 tumor infiltration patterns, thus representing a putative novel functional
 association between EGFR gene amplification and ARF1 gene promoter
 methylation in GB.

>sen16 in abstract number 12
 CONCLUSIONS: The results reported here provide a basis for
 a new hypotheses connecting EGFR gene amplification in GB cells with ARF1
 gene promoter methylation, vesicle trafficking, membrane turnover and tumor
 metabolism.

>sen17 in abstract number 12
 The mechanism(s) underlying these connections and their
 functional consequences remain to be established

>sen1 in abstract number 13
COPI coated vesicles mediate trafficking within the Golgi
 apparatus and between the Golgi and the endoplasmic reticulum.

>sen2 in abstract number 13
 Assembly of a
 COPI coated vesicle is initiated by the small GTPase Arf1 that recruits the
 coatomer complex to the membrane, triggering polymerization and budding.

>sen3 in abstract number 13
 The
 vesicle uncoats before fusion with a target membrane.

>sen4 in abstract number 13
 Coat components are
 structurally conserved between COPI and clathrin/adaptor proteins.

>sen5 in abstract number 13
 Using
 cryo-electron tomography and subtomogram averaging, we determined the
 structure of the COPI coat assembled on membranes in vitro at 9 A resolution.

>sen6 in abstract number 13

 We also obtained a 2.57 A resolution crystal structure of betadelta-COP.

>sen7 in abstract number 13
 By
 combining these structures we built a molecular model of the coat.

>sen8 in abstract number 13
 We
 additionally determined the coat structure in the presence of ArfGAP proteins
 that regulate coat dissociation.

>sen9 in abstract number 13
 We found that Arf1 occupies contrasting
 molecular environments within the coat, leading us to hypothesize that some
 Arf1 molecules may regulate vesicle assembly while others regulate coat
 disassembly

>sen1 in abstract number 14
The ADP ribosylation factor (Arf) and the coat protein complex I
 (COPI) are involved in vesicle transport.

>sen2 in abstract number 14
 Together with GTPase-activating
 proteins (ArfGAPs) and guanine exchange factors (ArfGEFs) that regulate the
 activity of Arf, they govern vesicle formation, COPI trafficking and the
 maintenance of the Golgi complex.

>sen3 in abstract number 14
 In an ongoing effort to study the role of
 membrane trafficking in pathogenesis of the rice blast fungus Magnaporthe
 oryzae, we identified MoGlo3 as an ArfGAP protein that is homologous to Glo3p
 of the budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.

>sen4 in abstract number 14
 As suspected, MoGlo3 partially
 complements the function of yeast Glo3p.

>sen5 in abstract number 14
 Consistent with findings in S.
 cerevisiae, MoGlo3 is localized to the Golgi, and that the localization is
 dependent on the conserved BoCCS domain.

>sen6 in abstract number 14
 We found that MoGlo3 is highly
 expressed during conidiation and early infection stages and is required for
 vegetative growth, conidial production and sexual development.

>sen7 in abstract number 14
 We further
 found that the DeltaMoglo3 mutant is defective in endocytosis, scavenging of
 the reactive oxygen species, and in the response to endoplasmic reticulum
 (ER) stress.

>sen8 in abstract number 14
 The combined effects result in failed appressorium function and
 decreased pathogenicity.

>sen9 in abstract number 14
 Moreover, we provided evidence showing that the
 domains including the GAP, BoCCS and GRM are all important for normal MoGlo3
 functions.

>sen10 in abstract number 14
 Our studies further illustrate the importance of normal membrane
 trafficking in the physiology and pathogenicity of the rice blast fungus

>sen1 in abstract number 15
Eukaryotic cells possess a remarkably diverse range of
 organelles that provide compartmentalization for distinct cellular functions
 and are likely responsible for the remarkable success of these organisms.

>sen2 in abstract number 15
 The
 origins and subsequent elaboration of these compartments represent a key
 aspect in the transition between prokaryotic and eukaryotic cellular forms.

>sen3 in abstract number 15

 The protein machinery required to build, maintain, and define many
 membrane-bound compartments is encoded by several paralog families, including
 small GTPases, coiled-bundle proteins, and proteins with beta-propeller and
 alpha-solenoid secondary structures.

>sen4 in abstract number 15
 Together these proteins provide the
 membrane coats and control systems to structure and coordinate the
 endomembrane system.

>sen5 in abstract number 15
 Mechanistically and evolutionarily, they unite not only
 secretory and endocytic organelles but also the flagellum and nucleus.

>sen6 in abstract number 15
 The
 ancient origins for these families have been revealed by recent findings,
 providing new perspectives on the deep evolutionary processes and
 relationships that underlie eukaryotic cell structure

>sen1 in abstract number 16
The coat protein complex II (COPII) is essential for the
 transport of large cargo, such as 300-nm procollagen I (PC1) molecules, from
 the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) to the Golgi.

>sen2 in abstract number 16
 Previous work has shown that the
 CUL3-KLHL12 complex increases the size of COPII vesicles at ER exit sites to
 more than 300 nm in diameter and accelerates the secretion of PC1.

>sen3 in abstract number 16
 However,
 the role of large COPII vesicles as PC1 transport carriers was not
 unambiguously demonstrated.

>sen4 in abstract number 16
 In this study, using stochastic optical
 reconstruction microscopy, correlated light electron microscopy, and
 live-cell imaging, we demonstrate the existence of mobile COPII-coated
 vesicles that completely encapsulate the cargo PC1 and are physically
 separated from ER.

>sen5 in abstract number 16
 We also developed a cell-free COPII vesicle budding
 reaction that reconstitutes the capture of PC1 into large COPII vesicles.

>sen6 in abstract number 16

 This process requires COPII proteins and the GTPase activity of the COPII
 subunit SAR1.

>sen7 in abstract number 16
 We conclude that large COPII vesicles are bona fide carriers of
 PC1

>sen1 in abstract number 17
Although biosynthetic trafficking can function constitutively,
 it also functions specifically for certain developmental processes.

>sen2 in abstract number 17
 These
 processes require either a large increase to biosynthesis or the biosynthesis
 and targeted trafficking of specific players.

>sen3 in abstract number 17
 We review the conserved
 molecular mechanisms that direct biosynthetic trafficking, and discuss how
 their genetic disruption affects animal development.

>sen4 in abstract number 17
 Specifically, we
 consider Arf small G proteins, such as Arf1 and Sar1, and their coat
 effectors, COPI and COPII, and how these proteins promote biosynthetic
 trafficking for cleavage of the Drosophila embryo, the growth of neuronal
 dendrites and synapses, extracellular matrix secretion for bone development,
 lumen development in epithelial tubes, notochord and neural tube development,
 and ciliogenesis.

>sen5 in abstract number 17
 Specific need for the biosynthetic trafficking system is
 also evident from conserved CrebA/Creb3-like transcription factors increasing
 the expression of secretory machinery during several of these developmental
 processes.

>sen6 in abstract number 17
 Moreover, dysfunctional trafficking leads to a range of
 developmental syndromes

>sen1 in abstract number 18
The delta opioid receptor (DOPr) is known to be mainly expressed
 in intracellular compartments.

>sen2 in abstract number 18
 It remains unknown why DOPr is barely exported
 to the cell surface, but it seems that a substantial proportion of the
 immature receptor is trapped within the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and the
 Golgi network.

>sen3 in abstract number 18
 In the present study, we performed LC-MS/MS analysis to
 identify putative protein partners involved in the retention of DOPr.

>sen4 in abstract number 18

 Analysis of the proteins co-immunoprecipitating with Flag-DOPr in transfected
 HEK293 cells revealed the presence of numerous subunits of the coatomer
 protein complex I (COPI), a vesicle-coating complex involved in recycling
 resident proteins from the Golgi back to the ER.

>sen5 in abstract number 18
 Further analysis of the
 amino acid sequence of DOPr identified multiple consensus di-lysine and
 di-arginine motifs within the intracellular segments of DOPr.

>sen6 in abstract number 18
 Using
 cell-surface ELISA and GST pulldown assays, we showed that DOPr interacts
 with COPI through its intracellular loops 2 and 3 (ICL2 and ICL3,
 respectively) and that the mutation of the K(164)AK(166) (ICL2) or
 K(250)EK(252) (ICL3) putative COPI binding sites increased the cell-surface
 expression of DOPr in transfected cells.

>sen7 in abstract number 18
 Altogether, our results indicate
 that COPI is a binding partner of DOPr and provide a putative mechanism to
 explain why DOPr is highly retained inside the cells

>sen1 in abstract number 19
ADP-ribosylation factor GTPases are activated by guanine
 nucleotide exchange factors including Gbf1 (Golgi brefeldin A-resistant
 factor 1) and play important roles in regulating organelle structure and
 cargo-selective vesicle trafficking.

>sen2 in abstract number 19
 However, the developmental role of Gbf1
 in vertebrates remains elusive.

>sen3 in abstract number 19
 In this study, we report the zebrafish mutant
 line tsu3994 that arises from N-ethyl-N-nitrosourea (ENU)-mediated
 mutagenesis and is characterized by prominent intracerebral and trunk
 hemorrhage.

>sen4 in abstract number 19
 The mutant embryos develop hemorrhage accompanied by fewer
 pigments and shorter caudal fin at day 2 of development.

>sen5 in abstract number 19
 The hemorrhage
 phenotype is caused by vascular breakage in a cell autonomous fashion.

>sen6 in abstract number 19

 Positional cloning identifies a T --> G nucleotide substitution in the 23rd
 exon of the gbf1 locus, resulting in a leucine --> arginine substitution
 (L1246R) in the HDS2 domain.

>sen7 in abstract number 19
 The mutant phenotype is mimicked by gbf1
 knockouts and morphants, suggesting a nature of loss of function.

>sen8 in abstract number 19

 Experimental results in mammalian cells show that the mutant form
 Gbf1(L1246R) is unable to be recruited to the Golgi apparatus and fails to
 activate Arf1 for recruiting COPI complex.

>sen9 in abstract number 19
 The hemorrhage in tsu3994 mutants
 can be prevented partially and temporally by treating with the endoplasmic
 reticulum stress/apoptosis inhibitor tauroursodeoxycholic acid or by knocking
 down the proapoptotic gene baxb Therefore, endothelial endoplasmic reticulum
 stress and subsequent apoptosis induced by gbf1 deficiency may account for
 the vascular collapse and hemorrhage

>sen1 in abstract number 20
The transport protein particle (TRAPP) was initially identified
 as a vesicle tethering factor in yeast and as a guanine nucleotide exchange
 factor (GEF) for Ypt1/Rab1.

>sen2 in abstract number 20
 In mammals, structures and functions of various
 TRAPP complexes are beginning to be understood.

>sen3 in abstract number 20
 We found that mammalian
 TRAPPII was a GEF for both Rab18 and Rab1.

>sen4 in abstract number 20
 Inactivation of TRAPPII-specific
 subunits by various methods including siRNA depletion and
 CRISPR-Cas9-mediated deletion reduced lipolysis and resulted in aberrantly
 large lipid droplets.

>sen5 in abstract number 20
 Recruitment of Rab18 onto lipid droplet (LD) surface
 was defective in TRAPPII-deleted cells, but the localization of Rab1 on Golgi
 was not affected.

>sen6 in abstract number 20
 COPI regulates LD homeostasis.

>sen7 in abstract number 20
 We found that the previously
 documented interaction between TRAPPII and COPI was also required for the
 recruitment of Rab18 to the LD We hypothesize that the interaction between
 COPI and TRAPPII helps bring TRAPPII onto LD surface, and TRAPPII, in turn,
 activates Rab18 and recruits it on the LD surface to facilitate its functions
 in LD homeostasis

>sen1 in abstract number 21
ADP-ribosylation factor 1 (ARF1) is a crucial regulator in
 vesicle-mediated membrane trafficking and involved in the activation of
 signaling molecules.

>sen2 in abstract number 21
 However, virtually nothing is known about its function
 in prostate cancer.

>sen3 in abstract number 21
 Here we have demonstrated that ARF1 expression is
 significantly elevated in prostate cancer cells and human tissues and that
 the expression levels of ARF1 correlate with the activation of
 mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPK) ERK1/2.

>sen4 in abstract number 21
 Furthermore, we have shown
 that overexpression and knockdown of ARF1 produce opposing effects on
 prostate cancer cell proliferation, anchorage-independent growth and tumor
 growth in mouse xenograft models and that ARF1-mediated cell proliferation
 can be abolished by the Raf1 inhibitor GW5074 and the MEK inhibitors U0126
 and PD98059.

>sen5 in abstract number 21
 Moreover, inhibition of ARF1 activation achieved by mutating
 Thr48 abolishes ARF1's abilities to activate the ERK1/2 and to promote cell
 proliferation.

>sen6 in abstract number 21
 These data demonstrate that the aberrant MAPK signaling in
 prostate cancer is, at least in part, under the control of ARF1 and that,
 similar to Ras, ARF1 is a critical regulator in prostate cancer progression.

>sen7 in abstract number 21

 These data also suggest that ARF1 may represent a key molecular target for
 prostate cancer therapeutics and diagnosis

>sen1 in abstract number 22
The conserved oligomeric Golgi (COG) complex is a key
 evolutionally conserved multisubunit protein machinery that regulates
 tethering and fusion of intra-Golgi transport vesicles.

>sen2 in abstract number 22
 The Golgi apparatus
 specifically promotes sorting and complex glycosylation of glycoconjugates.

>sen3 in abstract number 22

 Without proper glycosylation and processing, proteins and lipids will be
 mislocalized and/or have impaired function.

>sen4 in abstract number 22
 The Golgi glycosylation machinery
 is kept in homeostasis by a careful balance of anterograde and retrograde
 trafficking to ensure proper localization of the glycosylation enzymes and
 their substrates.

>sen5 in abstract number 22
 This balance, like other steps of membrane trafficking, is
 maintained by vesicle trafficking machinery that includes COPI vesicular coat
 proteins, SNAREs, Rabs, and both coiled-coil and multi-subunit vesicular
 tethers.

>sen6 in abstract number 22
 The COG complex interacts with other membrane trafficking components
 and is essential for proper localization of Golgi glycosylation machinery.

>sen7 in abstract number 22

 Here we describe using CRISPR-mediated gene editing coupled with a
 phenotype-based selection strategy directly linked to the COG complex's role
 in glycosylation homeostasis to obtain COG complex subunit knockouts (KOs).

>sen8 in abstract number 22

 This has resulted in clonal KOs for each COG subunit in HEK293T cells and
 gives the ability to further probe the role of the COG complex in Golgi
 homeostasis

>sen1 in abstract number 23
The Golgi complex plays a central role in the intracellular
 sorting of proteins.

>sen2 in abstract number 23
 Transport through the Golgi in the anterograde direction
 has been explained by cisternal maturation, while transport in the retrograde
 direction is attributed to vesicles formed by the coat protein I (COPI)
 complex.

>sen3 in abstract number 23
 A more detailed understanding of how COPI acts in Golgi transport is
 being achieved in recent years, due in large part to a COPI reconstitution
 system.

>sen4 in abstract number 23
 Through this approach, the mechanistic complexities of COPI vesicle
 formation are being elucidated.

>sen5 in abstract number 23
 This approach has also uncovered a new mode
 of anterograde transport through the Golgi, which involves COPI tubules
 connecting the Golgi cisternae.

>sen6 in abstract number 23
 We describe in this chapter the
 reconstitution of COPI vesicle and tubule formation from Golgi membrane

>sen1 in abstract number 24
Protein-protein and protein-membrane interactions play a
 critical role in shaping biological membranes through direct physical contact
 with the membrane surface.

>sen2 in abstract number 24
 This is particularly evident in many steps of
 membrane trafficking, in which proteins deform the membrane and induce
 fission to form transport carriers.

>sen3 in abstract number 24
 The small GTPase Arf1 and related
 proteins have the ability to remodel membranes by insertion of an amphipathic
 helix into the membrane.

>sen4 in abstract number 24
 Arf1 and the exomer cargo adaptor coordinate cargo
 sorting into subset of secretory vesicle carriers in the model organism
 Saccharomyces cerevisiae.

>sen5 in abstract number 24
 Here, we detail the assays we used to explore the
 cooperative action of Arf1 and exomer to bind and remodel membranes.

>sen6 in abstract number 24
 We
 expect these methods are broadly applicable to other small GTPase/effector
 systems where investigation of membrane binding and remodeling is of interest

>sen1 in abstract number 25
COPI-coated vesicles mediate retrograde membrane traffic from
 the cis-Golgi to the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) in all eukaryotic cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 25

 However, it is still unknown whether COPI vesicles fuse everywhere or at
 specific sites with the ER membrane.

>sen3 in abstract number 25
 Taking advantage of the circumstance
 that the vesicles still carry their coat when they arrive at the ER, we have
 visualized active ER arrival sites (ERAS) by monitoring contact between COPI
 coat components and the ER-resident Dsl tethering complex using bimolecular
 fluorescence complementation (BiFC).

>sen4 in abstract number 25
 ERAS form punctate structures near Golgi
 compartments, clearly distinct from ER exit sites.

>sen5 in abstract number 25
 Furthermore, ERAS are
 highly polarized in an actin and myosin V-dependent manner and are localized
 near hotspots of plasma membrane expansion.

>sen6 in abstract number 25
 Genetic experiments suggest that
 the COPI*Dsl BiFC complexes recapitulate the physiological interaction
 between COPI and the Dsl complex and that COPI vesicles are mistargeted in
 dsl1 mutants.

>sen7 in abstract number 25
 We conclude that the Dsl complex functions in confining COPI
 vesicle fusion sites

>sen1 in abstract number 26
The GTPase Arf1 is the major regulator of vesicle traffic at
 both the cis- and trans-Golgi.

>sen2 in abstract number 26
 Arf1 is activated at the cis-Golgi by the
 guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) GBF1 and at the trans-Golgi by the
 related GEF BIG1 or its paralog, BIG2.

>sen3 in abstract number 26
 The trans-Golgi-specific targeting of
 BIG1 and BIG2 depends on the Arf-like GTPase Arl1.

>sen4 in abstract number 26
 We find that Arl1 binds to
 the dimerization and cyclophilin binding (DCB) domain in BIG1 and report a
 crystal structure of human Arl1 bound to this domain.

>sen5 in abstract number 26
 Residues in the DCB
 domain that bind Arl1 are required for BIG1 to locate to the Golgi in vivo.

>sen6 in abstract number 26

 DCB domain-binding residues in Arl1 have a distinct conformation from those
 in known Arl1-effector complexes, and this plasticity allows Arl1 to interact
 with different effectors of unrelated structure.

>sen7 in abstract number 26
 The findings provide
 structural insight into how Arf1 GEFs, and hence active Arf1, achieve their
 correct subcellular distribution

>sen1 in abstract number 27
Membrane recruitment of coatomer and formation of coat protein I
 (COPI)-coated vesicles is crucial to homeostasis in the early secretory
 pathway.

>sen2 in abstract number 27
 The conformational dynamics of COPI during cargo capture and vesicle
 formation is incompletely understood.

>sen3 in abstract number 27
 By scanning the length of delta-COP via
 functional complementation in yeast, we dissect the domains of the delta-COP
 subunit.

>sen4 in abstract number 27
 We show that the mu-homology domain is dispensable for COPI function
 in the early secretory pathway, whereas the N-terminal longin domain is
 essential.

>sen5 in abstract number 27
 We map a previously uncharacterized helix, C-terminal to the
 longin domain, that is specifically required for the retrieval of
 HDEL-bearing endoplasmic reticulum-luminal residents.

>sen6 in abstract number 27
 It is positionally
 analogous to an unstructured linker that becomes helical and membrane-facing
 in the open form of the AP2 clathrin adaptor complex.

>sen7 in abstract number 27
 Based on the
 amphipathic nature of the critical helix it may probe the membrane for lipid
 packing defects or mediate interaction with cargo and thus contribute to
 stabilizing membrane-associated coatomer

>sen1 in abstract number 28
Nuclear-encoded mRNAs encoding mitochondrial proteins (mMPs) can
 localize directly to the mitochondrial surface, yet how mMPs target
 mitochondria and whether RNA targeting contributes to protein import into
 mitochondria and cellular metabolism are unknown.

>sen2 in abstract number 28
 Here, we show that the COPI
 vesicle coat complex is necessary for mMP localization to mitochondria and
 mitochondrial function.

>sen3 in abstract number 28
 COPI inactivation leads to reduced mMP binding to
 COPI itself, resulting in the dissociation of mMPs from mitochondria, a
 reduction in mitochondrial membrane potential, a decrease in protein import
 in vivo and in vitro, and severe deficiencies in mitochondrial respiration.

>sen4 in abstract number 28

 Using a model mMP (OXA1), we observed that COPI inactivation (or mutation of
 the potential COPI-interaction site) led to altered mRNA localization and
 impaired cellular respiration.

>sen5 in abstract number 28
 Overall, COPI-mediated mMP targeting is
 critical for mitochondrial protein import and function, and transcript
 delivery to the mitochondria or endoplasmic reticulum is regulated by
 cis-acting RNA sequences and trans-acting proteins

>sen1 in abstract number 29
OBJECTIVE: HDL and its apolipoproteins protect against
 atherosclerotic disease partly by removing excess cholesterol from macrophage
 foam cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 29
 But the underlying mechanisms of cholesterol clearance are still
 not well defined.

>sen3 in abstract number 29
 We investigated roles of vesicle trafficking of coatomer
 beta-COP in delivering cholesterol to the cell surface during apoA-1 and
 apoE-mediated lipid efflux from fibroblasts and THP-1 macrophages.

>sen4 in abstract number 29
 METHODS:
 shRNA knockout, confocal and electron microscopy and biochemical analysis
 were used to investigate the roles of beta-COP in apolipoprotein-mediated
 cholesterol efflux in fibroblasts and THP-1 macrophages.

>sen5 in abstract number 29
 RESULTS: We showed
 that beta-COP knockdown by lentiviral shRNA resulted in reduced
 apoA-1-mediated cholesterol efflux, while increased cholesterol accumulation
 and formation of larger vesicles were observed in THP-1 macrophages by laser
 scanning confocal microscopy.

>sen6 in abstract number 29
 Immunogold electron microscopy showed that
 beta-COP appeared on the membrane protrusion complexes and colocalized with
 apoA-1 or apoE during cholesterol efflux.

>sen7 in abstract number 29
 This was associated with releasing
 heterogeneous sizes of small particles into the culture media of THP-1
 macrophage.

>sen8 in abstract number 29
 Western blotting also showed that apoA-1 promotes beta-COP
 translocation to the cell membrane and secretion into culture media, in which
 a total of 17 proteins were identified by proteomics.

>sen9 in abstract number 29
 Moreover, beta-COP
 exclusively associated with human plasma HDL fractions.

>sen10 in abstract number 29
 CONCLUSION: ApoA-1
 and apoE promoted transport vesicles consisting of beta-COP and other
 candidate proteins to exocytose cholesterol, forming the protrusion complexes
 on cell surface, which were then released from the cell membrane as small
 particles to media

>sen1 in abstract number 30
In this review article, we summarize current knowledge on
 peroxisome biogenesis/functions and the role that small GTPases may play in
 these processes.

>sen2 in abstract number 30
 Precise intracellular distribution of cell organelles
 requires their regulated association to microtubules and the actin
 cytoskeleton.

>sen3 in abstract number 30
 In this respect, RhoGDP/RhoGTP favor binding of peroxisomes to
 microtubules and actin filaments.

>sen4 in abstract number 30
 In its GTP-bound form, RhoA activates a
 regulatory cascade involving Rho kinaseII and non-muscle myosinIIA.

>sen5 in abstract number 30
 Such
 interactions frequently depend on phosphoinositides (PIs) of which PI4P,
 PI(4,5)P2, and PI(3,5)P2 were found to be present in the peroxisomal
 membrane.

>sen6 in abstract number 30
 PIs are pivotal determinants of intracellular signaling and known
 to regulate a wide range of cellular functions.

>sen7 in abstract number 30
 In many of these functions,
 small GTPases are implicated.

>sen8 in abstract number 30
 The small GTPase ADP-ribosylation factor 1
 (Arf1), for example, is known to stimulate synthesis of PI4P and PI(4,5)P2 on
 the Golgi to regulate protein and lipid sorting.

>sen9 in abstract number 30
 In vitro binding assays
 localized Arf1 and the COPI complex to peroxisomes.

>sen10 in abstract number 30
 In light of the recent
 discussion of pre-peroxisomal vesicle generation at the ER, peroxisomal
 Arf1-COPI vesicles may serve retrograde transport of ER-resident components.

>sen11 in abstract number 30

 A mass spectrometric screen localized various Rab proteins to peroxisomes.

>sen12 in abstract number 30

 Overexpression of these proteins in combination with laser-scanning
 fluorescence microscopy co-localized Rab6, Rab8, Rab10, Rab14, and Rab18 with
 peroxisomal structures.

>sen13 in abstract number 30
 By analogy to the role these proteins play in other
 organelle dynamics, we may envisage what the function of these proteins may
 be in relation to the peroxisomal compartment

>sen1 in abstract number 31
The Golgi complex is the central sorting compartment of
 eukaryotic cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 31
 Arf guanine nucleotide exchange factors (Arf-GEFs) regulate
 virtually all traffic through the Golgi by activating Arf GTPase trafficking
 pathways.

>sen3 in abstract number 31
 The Golgi Arf-GEFs contain multiple autoregulatory domains, but the
 precise mechanisms underlying their function remain largely undefined.

>sen4 in abstract number 31
 We
 report a crystal structure revealing that the N-terminal DCB and HUS
 regulatory domains of the Arf-GEF Sec7 form a single structural unit.

>sen5 in abstract number 31
 We
 demonstrate that the established role of the N-terminal region in
 dimerization is not conserved; instead, a C-terminal autoinhibitory domain is
 responsible for dimerization of Sec7.

>sen6 in abstract number 31
 We find that the DCB/HUS domain
 amplifies the ability of Sec7 to activate Arf1 on the membrane surface by
 facilitating membrane insertion of the Arf1 amphipathic helix.

>sen7 in abstract number 31
 This enhancing
 function of the Sec7 N-terminal domains is consistent with the high rate of
 Arf1-dependent trafficking to the plasma membrane necessary for maximal cell
 growth

>sen1 in abstract number 32
The C-terminal domain of alpha-COP, an essential subunit of the
 COPI coatomer complex, is composed of an all alpha-helical region and a small
 beta-sheet domain.

>sen2 in abstract number 32
 We show that this beta-sheet domain is a Really
 Interesting New Gene (RING)-like treble clef zinc finger.

>sen3 in abstract number 32
 The zinc-binding
 residues are substituted by other aminoacids in many homologs including the
 structurally-characterized proteins from Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Bos
 taurus.

>sen4 in abstract number 32
 This RING-like domain is possibly related to those of other vesicle
 membrane-associated complexes, such as CORVET, HOPS and SEA, and likely
 mediates interactions with Dsl1p and assist in coat oligomerization

>sen1 in abstract number 33
Coatomer consists of two subcomplexes: the membrane-targeting,
 ADP ribosylation factor 1 (Arf1):GTP-binding betagammadeltazeta-COP
 F-subcomplex, which is related to the adaptor protein (AP) clathrin adaptors,
 and the cargo-binding alphabeta'epsilon-COP B-subcomplex.

>sen2 in abstract number 33
 We present the
 structure of the C-terminal mu-homology domain of the yeast delta-COP subunit
 in complex with the WxW motif from its binding partner, the endoplasmic
 reticulum-localized Dsl1 tether.

>sen3 in abstract number 33
 The motif binds at a site distinct from that
 used by the homologous AP mu subunits to bind YxxPhi cargo motifs with its
 two tryptophan residues sitting in compatible pockets.

>sen4 in abstract number 33
 We also show that the
 Saccharomyces cerevisiae Arf GTPase-activating protein (GAP) homolog Gcs1p
 uses a related WxxF motif at its extreme C terminus to bind to delta-COP at
 the same site in the same way.

>sen5 in abstract number 33
 Mutations designed on the basis of the
 structure in conjunction with isothermal titration calorimetry confirm the
 mode of binding and show that mammalian delta-COP binds related
 tryptophan-based motifs such as that from ArfGAP1 in a similar manner.

>sen6 in abstract number 33
 We
 conclude that delta-COP subunits bind Wxn(1-6)[WF] motifs within unstructured
 regions of proteins that influence the lifecycle of COPI-coated vesicles;
 this conclusion is supported by the observation that, in the context of a
 sensitizing domain deletion in Dsl1p, mutating the tryptophan-based
 motif-binding site in yeast causes defects in both growth and
 carboxypeptidase Y trafficking/processing

>sen1 in abstract number 34
Coat protein complexes contain an inner shell that sorts cargo
 and an outer shell that helps deform the membrane to give the vesicle its
 shape.

>sen2 in abstract number 34
 There are three major types of coated vesicles in the cell: COPII,
 COPI, and clathrin.

>sen3 in abstract number 34
 The COPII coat complex facilitates vesicle budding from
 the endoplasmic reticulum (ER), while the COPI coat complex performs an
 analogous function in the Golgi.

>sen4 in abstract number 34
 Clathrin-coated vesicles mediate traffic
 from the cell surface and between the trans-Golgi and endosome.

>sen5 in abstract number 34
 While the
 assembly and structure of these coat complexes has been extensively studied,
 the disassembly of COPII and COPI coats from membranes is less well
 understood.

>sen6 in abstract number 34
 We describe a proteomic and genetic approach that connects the
 J-domain chaperone auxilin, which uncoats clathrin-coated vesicles, to COPII
 and COPI coat complexes.

>sen7 in abstract number 34
 Consistent with a functional role for auxilin in the
 early secretory pathway, auxilin binds to COPII and COPI coat subunits.

>sen8 in abstract number 34

 Furthermore, ER-Golgi and intra-Golgi traffic is delayed at 15 degrees C in
 swa2Delta mutant cells, which lack auxilin.

>sen9 in abstract number 34
 In the case of COPII vesicles, we
 link this delay to a defect in vesicle fusion.

>sen10 in abstract number 34
 We propose that auxilin acts
 as a chaperone and/or uncoating factor for transport vesicles that act in the
 early secretory pathway

>sen1 in abstract number 35
Vesicle formation and fission are tightly regulated at the
 trans-Golgi network (TGN) during constitutive secretion.

>sen2 in abstract number 35
 Two major protein
 families regulate these processes: members of the adenosyl-ribosylation
 factor family of small G-proteins (ARFs) and the protein kinase D (PKD)
 family of serine/threonine kinases.

>sen3 in abstract number 35
 The functional relationship between these
 two key regulators of protein transport from the TGN so far is elusive.

>sen4 in abstract number 35
 We
 here demonstrate the assembly of a novel functional protein complex at the
 TGN and its key members: cytosolic PKD2 binds ARF-like GTPase (ARL1) and
 shuttles ARL1 to the TGN.

>sen5 in abstract number 35
 ARL1, in turn, localizes Arfaptin2 to the TGN.

>sen6 in abstract number 35
 At
 the TGN, where PKD2 interacts with active ARF1, PKD2, and ARL1 are required
 for the assembly of a complex comprising of ARF1 and Arfaptin2 leading to
 secretion of matrix metalloproteinase-2 and -7.

>sen7 in abstract number 35
 In conclusion, our data
 indicate that PKD2 is a core factor in the formation of this multiprotein
 complex at the TGN that controls constitutive secretion of matrix
 metalloproteinase cargo

>sen1 in abstract number 36
COPI vesicles are essential to the retrograde transport of
 proteins in the early secretory pathway.

>sen2 in abstract number 36
 The COPI coatomer complex consists
 of seven subunits, termed alpha-, beta-, beta'-, gamma-, delta-, epsilon-,
 and zeta-COP, in yeast and mammals.

>sen3 in abstract number 36
 Plant genomes have homologs of these
 subunits, but the essentiality of their cellular functions has hampered the
 functional characterization of the subunit genes in plants.

>sen4 in abstract number 36
 Here we have
 employed virus-induced gene silencing (VIGS) and dexamethasone
 (DEX)-inducible RNAi of the COPI subunit genes to study the in vivo functions
 of the COPI coatomer complex in plants.

>sen5 in abstract number 36
 The beta'-, gamma-, and delta-COP
 subunits localized to the Golgi as GFP-fusion proteins and interacted with
 each other in the Golgi.

>sen6 in abstract number 36
 Silencing of beta'-, gamma-, and delta-COP by VIGS
 resulted in growth arrest and acute plant death in Nicotiana benthamiana,
 with the affected leaf cells exhibiting morphological markers of programmed
 cell death.

>sen7 in abstract number 36
 Depletion of the COPI subunits resulted in disruption of the
 Golgi structure and accumulation of autolysosome-like structures in earlier
 stages of gene silencing.

>sen8 in abstract number 36
 In tobacco BY-2 cells, DEX-inducible RNAi of beta
'-COP caused aberrant cell plate formation during cytokinesis.

>sen9 in abstract number 36
 Collectively,
 these results suggest that COPI vesicles are essential to plant growth and
 survival by maintaining the Golgi apparatus and modulating cell plate
 formation

>sen1 in abstract number 37
Transport of material within cells is mediated by trafficking
 vesicles that bud from one cellular compartment and fuse with another.

>sen2 in abstract number 37

 Formation of a trafficking vesicle is driven by membrane coats that localize
 cargo and polymerize into cages to bend the membrane.

>sen3 in abstract number 37
 Although extensive
 structural information is available for components of these coats, the
 heterogeneity of trafficking vesicles has prevented an understanding of how
 complete membrane coats assemble on the membrane.

>sen4 in abstract number 37
 We combined cryo-electron
 tomography, subtomogram averaging, and cross-linking mass spectrometry to
 derive a complete model of the assembled coat protein complex I (COPI) coat
 involved in traffic between the Golgi and the endoplasmic reticulum.

>sen5 in abstract number 37
 The
 highly interconnected COPI coat structure contradicted the current ""adaptor-
and-cage"" understanding of coated vesicle formation

>sen1 in abstract number 38
The retrograde pathway is defined by the transport of proteins
 and lipids from the plasma membrane through endosomes to the Golgi complex,
 and is essential for a variety of cellular activities.

>sen2 in abstract number 38
 Recycling endosomes
 are important sorting stations for some retrograde cargo.

>sen3 in abstract number 38
 SMAP2, a
 GTPase-activating protein (GAP) for Arf1 with a putative clathrin-binding
 domain, has previously been shown to participate in the retrograde transport
 of the cholera toxin B-subunit (CTxB) from recycling endosomes.

>sen4 in abstract number 38
 Here, we
 found that clathrin, a vesicle coat protein, and clathrin adaptor protein
 complex 1 (AP-1) were present at recycling endosomes and were needed for the
 retrograde transport of CTxB from recycling endosomes to the Golgi, but not
 from the plasma membrane to recycling endosomes.

>sen5 in abstract number 38
 SMAP2 immunoprecipitated
 clathrin and AP-1 through a putative clathrin-binding domain and a
 CALM-binding domain, and SMAP2 mutants that did not interact with clathrin or
 AP-1 could not localize to recycling endosomes.

>sen6 in abstract number 38
 Moreover, knockdown of Arf1
 suppressed the retrograde transport of CTxB from recycling endosomes to the
 Golgi.

>sen7 in abstract number 38
 These findings suggest that retrograde transport is mediated by
 clathrin-coated vesicles from recycling endosomes and that the role of the
 coat proteins is in the recruitment of Arf GAP to transport vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 39
Coat color in Holstein dairy cattle is primarily controlled by
 the melanocortin 1 receptor (MC1R) gene, a central determinant of black
 (eumelanin) vs. red/brown pheomelanin synthesis across animal species.

>sen2 in abstract number 39
 The
 major MC1R alleles in Holsteins are Dominant Black (MC1RD) and Recessive Red
 (MC1Re).

>sen3 in abstract number 39
 A novel form of dominant red coat color was first observed in an
 animal born in 1980.

>sen4 in abstract number 39
 The mutation underlying this phenotype was named
 Dominant Red and is epistatic to the constitutively activated MC1RD.

>sen5 in abstract number 39
 Here we
 show that a missense mutation in the coatomer protein complex, subunit alpha
 (COPA), a gene with previously no known role in pigmentation synthesis, is
 completely associated with Dominant Red in Holstein dairy cattle.

>sen6 in abstract number 39
 The
 mutation results in an arginine to cysteine substitution at an amino acid
 residue completely conserved across eukaryotes.

>sen7 in abstract number 39
 Despite this high level of
 conservation we show that both heterozygotes and homozygotes are healthy and
 viable.

>sen8 in abstract number 39
 Analysis of hair pigment composition shows that the Dominant Red
 phenotype is similar to the MC1R Recessive Red phenotype, although less
 effective at reducing eumelanin synthesis.

>sen9 in abstract number 39
 RNA-seq data similarly show that
 Dominant Red animals achieve predominantly pheomelanin synthesis by
 downregulating genes normally required for eumelanin synthesis.

>sen10 in abstract number 39
 COPA is a
 component of the coat protein I seven subunit complex that is involved with
 retrograde and cis-Golgi intracellular coated vesicle transport of both
 protein and RNA cargo.

>sen11 in abstract number 39
 This suggests that Dominant Red may be caused by
 aberrant MC1R protein or mRNA trafficking within the highly compartmentalized
 melanocyte, mimicking the effect of the Recessive Red loss of function MC1R
 allele

>sen1 in abstract number 40
A long-held tenet of heterotrimeric G protein signal
 transduction is that it is triggered by G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs)
 at the PM.

>sen2 in abstract number 40
 Here, we demonstrate that Gi is activated in the Golgi by
 GIV/Girdin, a non-receptor guanine-nucleotide exchange factor (GEF).

>sen3 in abstract number 40

 GIV-dependent activation of Gi at the Golgi maintains the finiteness of the
 cyclical activation of ADP-ribosylation factor 1 (Arf1), a fundamental step
 in vesicle traffic in all eukaryotes.

>sen4 in abstract number 40
 Several interactions with other major
 components of Golgi trafficking-e.g., active Arf1, its regulator, ArfGAP2/3,
 and the adaptor protein beta-COP-enable GIV to coordinately regulate Arf1
 signaling.

>sen5 in abstract number 40
 When the GIV-Galphai pathway is selectively inhibited, levels of
 GTP-bound Arf1 are elevated and protein transport along the secretory pathway
 is delayed.

>sen6 in abstract number 40
 These findings define a paradigm in non-canonical G protein
 signaling at the Golgi, which places GIV-GEF at the crossroads between
 signals gated by the trimeric G proteins and the Arf family of monomeric
 GTPases

>sen1 in abstract number 41
Cargo adaptors sort transmembrane protein cargos into nascent
 vesicles by binding directly to their cytosolic domains.

>sen2 in abstract number 41
 Recent studies have
 revealed previously unappreciated roles for cargo adaptors and regulatory
 mechanisms governing their function.

>sen3 in abstract number 41
 The adaptor protein (AP)-1 and AP-2
 clathrin adaptors switch between open and closed conformations that ensure
 they function at the right place at the right time.

>sen4 in abstract number 41
 The exomer cargo adaptor
 has a direct role in remodeling the membrane for vesicle fission.

>sen5 in abstract number 41
 Several
 different cargo adaptors functioning in distinct trafficking pathways at the
 Golgi are similarly regulated through bivalent binding to the
 ADP-ribosylation factor 1 (Arf1) GTPase, potentially enabling regulation by a
 threshold concentration of Arf1.

>sen6 in abstract number 41
 Taken together, these studies highlight that
 cargo adaptors do more than just adapt cargos

>sen1 in abstract number 42
Hypersecretion is the major symptom of functional neuroendocrine
 tumours.

>sen2 in abstract number 42
 The mechanisms that contribute to this excessive secretion of
 hormones are still elusive.

>sen3 in abstract number 42
 A key event in secretion is the exit of secretory
 products from the Golgi apparatus.

>sen4 in abstract number 42
 ADP-ribosylation factor (Arf) GTPases are
 known to control vesicle budding and trafficking, and have a leading function
 in the regulation of formation of secretory granula at the Golgi.

>sen5 in abstract number 42
 Here, we
 show that Arf1 is the predominant Arf protein family member expressed in the
 neuroendocrine pancreatic tumour cell lines BON and QGP-1.

>sen6 in abstract number 42
 In BON cells Arf1
 colocalizes with Golgi markers as well as chromogranin A, and shows
 significant basal activity.

>sen7 in abstract number 42
 The inhibition of Arf1 activity or expression
 significantly impaired secretion of chromogranin A.

>sen8 in abstract number 42
 Furthermore, we show that
 the insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), a major regulator of growth and
 secretion in BON cells, induces Arf1 activity.

>sen9 in abstract number 42
 We found that activation of
 Arf1 upon IGF-1 receptor stimulation is mediated by MEK/ERK signalling
 pathway in BON and QGP-1 cells.

>sen10 in abstract number 42
 Moreover, the activity of Arf1 in BON cells
 is mediated by autocrinely secreted IGF-1, and concomitantly, autocrine IGF1
 secretion is maintained by Arf1 activity.

>sen11 in abstract number 42
 In summary, our data indicate an
 important regulatory role for Arf1 at the Golgi in hypersecretion in
 neuroendocrine cancer cells

>sen1 in abstract number 43
The Golgi is a highly organized and dynamic organelle that
 receives and distributes material from and to the endoplasmic reticulum (ER)
 and the endocytic pathway.

>sen2 in abstract number 43
 One open question about Golgi organization is
 whether it is solely based on ER-to-Golgi transport.

>sen3 in abstract number 43
 Here, we analyzed the
 kinetics of Golgi breakdown in the absence of COPII-dependent ER export with
 high temporal and spatial resolution using quantitative fluorescence
 microscopy.

>sen4 in abstract number 43
 We found that Golgi breakdown occurred in two phases.

>sen5 in abstract number 43
 While Golgi
 enzymes continuously redistributed to the ER, we consistently observed
 extensive Golgi fragmentation at the beginning of the breakdown, followed by
 microtubule-dependent formation of a Golgi remnant structure (phase 1).

>sen6 in abstract number 43

 Further Golgi disintegration occurred less uniformly (phase 2).

>sen7 in abstract number 43
 Remarkably,
 cisternal Golgi morphology was lost early in phase 1 and Golgi fragments
 instead corresponded to variably sized vesicle clusters.

>sen8 in abstract number 43
 These breakdown
 intermediates were devoid of COPI-dependent recycling material, but contained
 typical 'core' Golgi components.

>sen9 in abstract number 43
 Furthermore, Golgi breakdown intermediates
 were able to disassemble and reassemble following cell division, indicating
 that they retained important regulatory capabilities.

>sen10 in abstract number 43
 Taken together, these
 findings support the view that Golgi self-organization exists independently
 of ER-to-Golgi transport

>sen1 in abstract number 44
Intracellular transport within the cell is generally mediated by
 membrane vesicles.

>sen2 in abstract number 44
 Their formation is typically initiated by activation of
 small GTPases that then recruit cytosolic proteins to the membrane surface to
 form a coat, interact with cargo and accessory proteins, and deform the lipid
 bilayer to produce a transport vesicle.

>sen3 in abstract number 44
 Liposomes proved to be a useful tool
 to study the molecular mechanisms of these processes in vitro.

>sen4 in abstract number 44
 Here we
 describe the use of liposomes and peptidoliposomes presenting lipid-coupled
 cytosolic tails of cargo proteins for the in vitro analysis of the membrane
 recruitment of AP-1 adaptors in the process of forming AP-1/clathrin coats.

>sen5 in abstract number 44

 AP-1 recruitment is mediated by the GTPase Arf1 and requires specific lipids
 and cargo signals.

>sen6 in abstract number 44
 Interaction with cargo induces AP-1 oligomerization
 already in the absence of clathrin.

>sen7 in abstract number 44
 Without cargo peptides, accessory
 proteins, such as amphiphysin 2, can be identified that stabilize AP-1
 binding to liposomal membranes

>sen1 in abstract number 45
Members of the Arf family of small GTP-binding proteins, or
 GTPases, are activated by guanine nucleotide exchange factors (GEFs) that
 catalyze GDP release from their substrate Arf, allowing GTP to bind.

>sen2 in abstract number 45
 In the
 secretory pathway, Arf1 is first activated by GBF1 at the cis-Golgi, then by
 BIG1 and BIG2 at the trans-Golgi and trans-Golgi network (TGN).

>sen3 in abstract number 45
 Upon
 activation, Arf1-GTP interacts with effectors such as coat complexes, and is
 able to recruit different coat complexes to different membrane sites in
 cells.

>sen4 in abstract number 45
 The COPI coat is primarily recruited to cis-Golgi membranes, whereas
 other coats, such as AP-1/clathrin, and GGA/clathrin, are recruited to the
 trans-Golgi and the TGN.

>sen5 in abstract number 45
 Although Arf1-GTP is required for stable association
 of these various coats to membranes, and is sufficient in vitro, other
 molecules, such as vesicle cargo and coat receptors on the membrane,
 contribute to specificity of coat recruitment in cells.

>sen6 in abstract number 45
 Another mechanism to
 achieve specificity is interaction of effectors such as coats with the GEF
 itself, which would increase the concentration of a given coat in proximity
 to the site where Arf is activated, thus favoring its recruitment.

>sen7 in abstract number 45
 This
 interaction between a GEF and an effector could also provide a mechanism for
 spatial organization of vesicle budding sites, similar to that described for
 Cdc42-mediated establishment of polarity sites such as the emerging bud in
 yeast.

>sen8 in abstract number 45
 Another factor affecting the amount of freely diffusible Arf1-GTP in
 membranes is the GEF(s) themselves acting as effectors.

>sen9 in abstract number 45
 Sec7p, the yeast
 homolog of mammalian BIG1 and BIG2, and Arno/cytohesin 2, a PM-localized Arf1
 GEF, both bind to Arf1-GTP.

>sen10 in abstract number 45
 This binding to the products of the exchange
 reaction establishes a positive feedback loop for activation

>sen1 in abstract number 46
Upon starvation, Grh1, a peripheral membrane protein located at
 endoplasmic reticulum (ER) exit sites and early Golgi in Saccharomyces
 cerevisiae under growth conditions, relocates to a compartment called
 compartment for unconventional protein secretion (CUPS).

>sen2 in abstract number 46
 Here we report that
 CUPS lack Golgi enzymes, but contain the coat protein complex II (COPII)
 vesicle tethering protein Uso1 and the Golgi t-SNARE Sed5.

>sen3 in abstract number 46
 Interestingly,
 CUPS biogenesis is independent of COPII- and COPI-mediated membrane
 transport.

>sen4 in abstract number 46
 Pik1- and Sec7-mediated membrane export from the late Golgi is
 required for complete assembly of CUPS, and Vps34 is needed for their
 maintenance.

>sen5 in abstract number 46
 CUPS formation is triggered by glucose, but not nitrogen
 starvation.

>sen6 in abstract number 46
 Moreover, upon return to growth conditions, CUPS are absorbed
 into the ER, and not the vacuole.

>sen7 in abstract number 46
 Altogether our findings indicate that CUPS
 are not specialized autophagosomes as suggested previously.

>sen8 in abstract number 46
 We suggest that
 starvation triggers relocation of secretory and endosomal membranes, but not
 their enzymes, to generate CUPS to sort and secrete proteins that do not
 enter, or are not processed by enzymes of the ER-Golgi pathway of secretion

>sen1 in abstract number 47
HERC2 is a large E3 ubiquitin ligase with multiple structural
 domains that has been implicated in an array of cellular processes.

>sen2 in abstract number 47
 Mutations
 in HERC2 are linked to developmental delays and impairment caused by nervous
 system dysfunction, such as Angelman Syndrome and autism-spectrum disorders.

>sen3 in abstract number 47

 However, HERC2 cellular activity and regulation remain poorly understood.

>sen4 in abstract number 47
 We
 used a broad proteomic approach to survey the landscape of cellular proteins
 that interact with HERC2.

>sen5 in abstract number 47
 We identified nearly 300 potential interactors, a
 subset of which we validated binding to HERC2.

>sen6 in abstract number 47
 The potential HERC2
 interactors included the eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 complex,
 the intracellular transport COPI coatomer complex, the glycogen regulator
 phosphorylase kinase, beta-catenin, PI3 kinase, and proteins involved in
 fatty acid transport and iron homeostasis.

>sen7 in abstract number 47
 Through a complex bioinformatic
 analysis of potential interactors, we linked HERC2 to cellular processes
 including intracellular protein trafficking and transport, metabolism of
 cellular energy, and protein translation.

>sen8 in abstract number 47
 Given its size, multidomain
 structure, and association with various cellular activities, HERC2 may
 function as a scaffold to integrate protein complexes and bridge critical
 cellular pathways.

>sen9 in abstract number 47
 This work provides a significant resource with which to
 interrogate HERC2 function more deeply and evaluate its contributions to
 mechanisms governing cellular homeostasis and disease

>sen1 in abstract number 48
Coated vesicles provide a major mechanism for the transport of
 proteins through the endomembrane system of plants.

>sen2 in abstract number 48
 Transport between the
 endoplasmic reticulum and the Golgi involves vesicles with COPI and COPII
 coats, whereas clathrin is the predominant coat in endocytosis and post-Golgi
 trafficking.

>sen3 in abstract number 48
 Sorting of cargo, coat assembly, budding, and fission are all
 complex and tightly regulated processes that involve many proteins.

>sen4 in abstract number 48
 The
 mechanisms and responsible factors are largely conserved in eukaryotes, and
 increasing organismal complexity tends to be associated with a greater
 numbers of individual family members.

>sen5 in abstract number 48
 Among the key factors is the class of
 ENTH/ANTH/VHS domain-containing proteins, which link membrane subdomains,
 clathrin, and other adapter proteins involved in early steps of clathrin
 coated vesicle formation.

>sen6 in abstract number 48
 More than 30 Arabidopsis thaliana proteins contain
 this domain, but their generally low sequence conservation has made
 functional classification difficult.

>sen7 in abstract number 48
 Reports from the last two years have
 greatly expanded our knowledge of these proteins and suggest that
 ENTH/ANTH/VHS domain proteins are involved in various instances of
 clathrin-related endomembrane trafficking in plants.

>sen8 in abstract number 48
 This review aims to
 summarize these new findings and discuss the broader context of
 clathrin-dependent plant vesicular transport

>sen1 in abstract number 49
In the cytosol of plant cells vesicle transport occurs via
 secretory pathways among the endoplasmic reticulum network, Golgi bodies,
 secretory granules, endosome, and plasma membrane.

>sen2 in abstract number 49
 Three systems transfer
 lipids, proteins and other important molecules through aqueous spaces to
 membrane-enclosed compartments, via vesicles that bud from donor membranes,
 being coated and uncoated before tethered and fused with acceptor membranes.

>sen3 in abstract number 49

 In addition, molecular, biochemical and ultrastructural evidence indicates
 presence of a vesicle transport system in chloroplasts.

>sen4 in abstract number 49
 Little is known about
 the protein components of this system.

>sen5 in abstract number 49
 However, as chloroplasts harbor the
 photosynthetic apparatus that ultimately supports most organisms on the
 planet, close attention to their pathways is warranted.

>sen6 in abstract number 49
 This may also reveal
 novel diversification and/or distinct solutions to the problems posed by the
 targeted intra-cellular trafficking of important molecules.

>sen7 in abstract number 49
 To date two
 homologs to well-known yeast cytosolic vesicle transport proteins, CPSAR1 and
 CPRabA5e (CP, chloroplast localized), have been shown to have roles in
 chloroplast vesicle transport, both being GTPases.

>sen8 in abstract number 49
 Bioinformatic data
 indicate that several homologs of cytosolic vesicle transport system
 components are putatively chloroplast-localized and in addition other
 proteins have been implicated to participate in chloroplast vesicle
 transport, including vesicle-inducing protein in plastids 1, thylakoid
 formation 1, snowy cotyledon 2/cotyledon chloroplast biogenesis factor,
 curvature thylakoid 1 proteins, and a dynamin like GTPase FZO-like protein.

>sen9 in abstract number 49

 Several putative potential cargo proteins have also been identified,
 including building blocks of the photosynthetic apparatus.

>sen10 in abstract number 49
 Here we discuss
 details of the largely unknown putative chloroplast vesicle transport system,
 focusing on GTPase-related components

>sen1 in abstract number 50
Newly synthesized membrane and secreted proteins undergo a
 series of posttranslational modifications in the Golgi apparatus, including
 attachment of carbohydrate moieties.

>sen2 in abstract number 50
 The final structure of so-formed glycans
 is determined by the order of execution of the different glycosylation steps,
 which seems intimately related to the spatial distribution of
 glycosyltransferases and glycosyl hydrolases within the Golgi apparatus.

>sen3 in abstract number 50
 How
 cells achieve an accurate localization of these enzymes is not completely
 understood but might involve dynamic processes such as coatomer-coated (COPI)
 vesicle-mediated trafficking.

>sen4 in abstract number 50
 In yeast, this transport is likely to be
 regulated by vacuolar protein sorting 74 (Vps74p), a peripheral Golgi protein
 able to interact with COPI coat as well as with a binding motif present in
 the cytosolic tails of some mannosyltransferases.

>sen5 in abstract number 50
 Recently, Golgi
 phosphoprotein 3 (GOLPH3), the mammalian homolog of Vps74, has been shown to
 control the Golgi localization of core 2 N-acetylglucosamine-transferase 1.

>sen6 in abstract number 50

 Here, we highlight a role of GOLPH3 in the spatial localization of
 alpha-2,6-sialyltransferase 1.

>sen7 in abstract number 50
 We show, for the first time, that GOLPH3
 supports incorporation of both core 2 N-acetylglucosamine-transferase 1 and
 alpha-2,6-sialyltransferase 1 into COPI vesicles.

>sen8 in abstract number 50
 Depletion of GOLPH3 altered
 the subcellular localization of these enzymes.

>sen9 in abstract number 50
 In contrast,
 galactosyltransferase, an enzyme that does not interact with GOLPH3, was
 neither incorporated into COPI vesicles nor was dependent on GOLPH3 for
 proper localization

>sen1 in abstract number 51
Traffic through the Golgi complex is controlled by small GTPases
 of the Arf and Rab families.

>sen2 in abstract number 51
 Guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF)
 proteins activate these GTPases to control Golgi function, yet the full
 assortment of signals regulating these GEFs is unknown.

>sen3 in abstract number 51
 The Golgi Arf-GEF
 Sec7 and the homologous BIG1/2 proteins are effectors of the Arf1 and Arl1
 GTPases.

>sen4 in abstract number 51
 We demonstrate that Sec7 is also an effector of two Rab GTPases,
 Ypt1 (Rab1) and Ypt31/32 (Rab11), signifying unprecedented signaling
 crosstalk between GTPase pathways.

>sen5 in abstract number 51
 The molecular basis for the role of
 Ypt31/32 and Rab11 in vesicle formation has remained elusive.

>sen6 in abstract number 51
 We find that
 Arf1, Arl1, and Ypt1 primarily affect the membrane localization of Sec7,
 whereas Ypt31/32 exerts a dramatic stimulatory effect on the nucleotide
 exchange activity of Sec7.

>sen7 in abstract number 51
 The convergence of multiple signaling pathways on
 a master regulator reveals a mechanism for balancing incoming and outgoing
 traffic at the Golgi

>sen1 in abstract number 52
Cargo adaptor subunits of vesicle coat protein complexes sort
 transmembrane proteins to distinct membrane compartments in eukaryotic cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 52

 The exomer complex is the only cargo adaptor known to sort proteins at the
 trans-Golgi network into secretory vesicles.

>sen3 in abstract number 52
 Exomer function is regulated by
 the Arf1 GTPase, a master regulator of trafficking at the Golgi.

>sen4 in abstract number 52
 We report
 the structure of exomer bound to two copies of Arf1.

>sen5 in abstract number 52
 Exomer interacts with
 each Arf1 molecule via two surfaces, one of which is a noncanonical interface
 that regulates GTP hydrolysis.

>sen6 in abstract number 52
 The structure uncovers an unexpected
 membrane-proximal hydrophobic element that exomer uses in cooperation with
 Arf1 to remodel membranes.

>sen7 in abstract number 52
 Given the constrained motion of the exomer hinge
 region, we envision that exomer dynamically positions multiple membrane
 insertion elements to drive membrane fission.

>sen8 in abstract number 52
 In contrast to other known
 cargo adaptors, exomer therefore couples two functions, cargo sorting and
 membrane fission, into a single complex

>sen1 in abstract number 53
The peripheral endoplasmic reticulum (ER) network is dynamically
 maintained by homotypic (ER-ER) fusion.

>sen2 in abstract number 53
 In Saccharomyces cerevisiae, the
 dynamin-like GTPase Sey1p can mediate ER-ER fusion, but sey1Delta cells have
 no growth defect and only slightly perturbed ER structure.

>sen3 in abstract number 53
 Recent work
 suggested that ER-localized soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor
 attachment protein receptors (SNAREs) mediate a Sey1p-independent ER-ER
 fusion pathway.

>sen4 in abstract number 53
 However, an alternative explanation--that the observed
 phenotypes arose from perturbed vesicle trafficking--could not be ruled out.

>sen5 in abstract number 53

 In this study, we used candidate and synthetic genetic array (SGA) approaches
 to more fully characterize SNARE-mediated ER-ER fusion.

>sen6 in abstract number 53
 We found that Dsl1
 complex mutations in sey1Delta cells cause strong synthetic growth and ER
 structure defects and delayed ER-ER fusion in vivo, additionally implicating
 the Dsl1 complex in SNARE-mediated ER-ER fusion.

>sen7 in abstract number 53
 In contrast, cytosolic coat
 protein I (COPI) vesicle coat mutations in sey1Delta cells caused no
 synthetic defects, excluding perturbed retrograde trafficking as a cause for
 the previously observed synthetic defects.

>sen8 in abstract number 53
 Finally, deleting the reticulons
 that help maintain ER architecture in cells disrupted for both ER-ER fusion
 pathways caused almost complete inviability.

>sen9 in abstract number 53
 We conclude that the ER SNAREs
 and the Dsl1 complex directly mediate Sey1p-independent ER-ER fusion and
 that, in the absence of both pathways, cell viability depends upon membrane
 curvature-promoting reticulons

>sen1 in abstract number 54
The trans-Golgi network (TGN) is an important cargo sorting
 station within the cell where newly synthesized proteins are packaged into
 distinct transport carriers that are targeted to various destinations.

>sen2 in abstract number 54
 To
 maintain the fidelity of protein transport, elaborate protein sorting
 machinery is employed to mediate sorting of specific cargo proteins into
 distinct transport carriers.

>sen3 in abstract number 54
 Protein sorting requires assembly of the
 cytosolic sorting machinery onto the TGN membrane and capture of cargo
 proteins.

>sen4 in abstract number 54
 We review the cytosolic and transmembrane sorting machinery that
 function at the TGN and describe molecular interactions and regulatory
 mechanisms that enable accurate protein sorting.

>sen5 in abstract number 54
 In addition, we highlight
 the importance of TGN sorting in physiology and disease

>sen1 in abstract number 55
Coated vesicle transport occurs in the cytosol of yeast, mammals
 and plants.

>sen2 in abstract number 55
 It consists of three different transport systems, the COPI, COPII
 and clathrin coated vesicles (CCV), all of which participate in the transfer
 of proteins and lipids between different cytosolic compartments.

>sen3 in abstract number 55
 There are
 also indications that chloroplasts have a vesicle transport system.

>sen4 in abstract number 55
 Several
 putative chloroplast-localized proteins, including CPSAR1 and CPRabA5e with
 similarities to cytosolic COPII transport-related proteins, were detected in
 previous experimental and bioinformatics studies.

>sen5 in abstract number 55
 These indications raised
 the hypothesis that a COPI- and/or CCV-related system may be present in
 chloroplasts, in addition to a COPII-related system.

>sen6 in abstract number 55
 To test this hypothesis
 we bioinformatically searched for chloroplast proteins that may have similar
 functions to known cytosolic COPI and CCV components in the model plants
 Arabidopsis thaliana and Oryza sativa (subsp. japonica) (rice).

>sen7 in abstract number 55
 We found 29
 such proteins, based on domain similarity, in Arabidopsis, and 14 in rice.

>sen8 in abstract number 55

 However, many components could not be identified and among the identified
 most have assigned roles that are not related to either COPI or CCV
 transport.

>sen9 in abstract number 55
 We conclude that COPII is probably the only active vesicle system
 in chloroplasts, at least in the model plants.

>sen10 in abstract number 55
 The evolutionary implications
 of the findings are discussed

>sen1 in abstract number 56
Golgi fragmentation is an early hallmark of many
 neurodegenerative diseases but its pathophysiological relevance and molecular
 mechanisms are unclear.

>sen2 in abstract number 56
 We here demonstrate severe and progressive Golgi
 fragmentation in motor neurons of progressive motor neuronopathy (pmn) mice
 due to loss of the Golgi-localized tubulin-binding cofactor E (TBCE).

>sen3 in abstract number 56
 Loss of
 TBCE in mutant pmn and TBCE-depleted motor neuron cultures causes defects in
 Golgi-derived microtubules, as expected, but surprisingly also reduced levels
 of COPI subunits, decreased recruitment of tethering factors p115/GM130 and
 impaired Golgi SNARE-mediated vesicle fusion.

>sen4 in abstract number 56
 Conversely, ARF1, which
 stimulates COPI vesicle formation, enhances the recruitment of TBCE to the
 Golgi, increases polymerization of Golgi-derived microtubules and rescues
 TBCE-linked Golgi fragmentation.

>sen5 in abstract number 56
 These data indicate an ARF1/TBCE-mediated
 cross-talk that coordinates COPI formation and tubulin polymerization at the
 Golgi.

>sen6 in abstract number 56
 We conclude that interruption of this cross-talk causes Golgi
 fragmentation in pmn mice and hypothesize that similar mechanisms operate in
 human amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and spinal muscular atrophy

>sen1 in abstract number 57
Distinct trafficking pathways within the secretory and endocytic
 systems ensure prompt and precise delivery of specific cargo molecules to
 different cellular compartments via small vesicular (50-150nm) and tubular
 carriers.

>sen2 in abstract number 57
 The COPI vesicular coat is required for retrograde trafficking from
 the cis-Golgi back to the ER and within the Golgi stack.

>sen3 in abstract number 57
 Recent structural
 data have been obtained from X-ray crystallographic studies on COPI coat
 components alone and on COPI subunits in complex with either cargo motifs or
 Arf1, and from reconstructions of COPI coated vesicles by electron
 tomography.

>sen4 in abstract number 57
 These studies provide important molecular information and
 indicate key differences in COPI coat assembly as compared with
 clathrin-based and COPII-based coats

>sen1 in abstract number 58
Eukaryotic cells require selective sorting and transport of
 cargo between intracellular compartments.

>sen2 in abstract number 58
 This is accomplished at least in
 part by vesicles that bud from a donor compartment, sequestering a subset of
 resident protein ""cargos"" destined for transport to an acceptor
 compartment.

>sen3 in abstract number 58
 A key step in vesicle formation and targeting is the recruitment
 of specific proteins that form a coat on the outside of the vesicle in a
 process requiring the activation of regulatory GTPases of the ARF family.

>sen4 in abstract number 58

 Like all such GTPases, ARFs cycle between inactive, GDP-bound, and
 membrane-associated active, GTP-bound, conformations.

>sen5 in abstract number 58
 And like most
 regulatory GTPases the activating step is slow and thought to be rate
 limiting in cells, requiring the use of ARF guanine nucleotide exchange
 factor (GEFs).

>sen6 in abstract number 58
 ARF GEFs are characterized by the presence of a conserved,
 catalytic Sec7 domain, though they also contain motifs or additional domains
 that confer specificity to localization and regulation of activity.

>sen7 in abstract number 58
 These
 domains have been used to define and classify five different sub-families of
 ARF GEFs.

>sen8 in abstract number 58
 One of these, the BIG/GBF1 family, includes three proteins that are
 each key regulators of the secretory pathway.

>sen9 in abstract number 58
 GEF activity initiates the
 coating of nascent vesicles via the localized generation of activated ARFs
 and thus these GEFs are the upstream regulators that define the site and
 timing of vesicle production.

>sen10 in abstract number 58
 Paradoxically, while we have detailed molecular
 knowledge of how GEFs activate ARFs, we know very little about how GEFs are
 recruited and/or activated at the right time and place to initiate transport.

>sen11 in abstract number 58

 This review summarizes the current knowledge of GEF regulation and explores
 the still uncertain mechanisms that position GEFs at ""budding ready""
 membrane sites to generate highly localized activated ARFs

>sen1 in abstract number 59
Ribbon synapses are tonically active synapses in the retina and
 inner ear with intense vesicle traffic.

>sen2 in abstract number 59
 How this traffic is organized and
 regulated is still unknown.

>sen3 in abstract number 59
 Synaptic ribbons, large presynaptic structures
 associated with numerous synaptic vesicles, appear to be essential for this
 process.

>sen4 in abstract number 59
 The base of the synaptic ribbon is anchored at the active zone and
 is a hotspot of exocytosis.

>sen5 in abstract number 59
 The synaptic ribbon complex is also important for
 vesicle replenishment.

>sen6 in abstract number 59
 RIBEYE is a unique and major component of synaptic
 ribbons.

>sen7 in abstract number 59
 It consists of a unique A-domain and an NAD(H)-binding, C-terminal
 B-domain.

>sen8 in abstract number 59
 In the present study, we show that the Arf-GTPase activating
 protein-3 (ArfGAP3), a well characterized regulator of vesicle formation at
 the Golgi apparatus, is also a component of the synaptic ribbon complex in
 photoreceptor synapses of the mouse retina and interacts with RIBEYE as shown
 by multiple, independent approaches.

>sen9 in abstract number 59
 ArfGAP3 binds to RIBEYE(B)-domain in an
 NAD(H)-dependent manner.

>sen10 in abstract number 59
 The interaction is redox sensitive because NADH is
 more efficient than the oxidized NAD(+) in promoting ArfGAP3-RIBEYE
 interaction.

>sen11 in abstract number 59
 RIBEYE competes with the GTP-binding protein Arf1 for binding to
 ArfGAP3.

>sen12 in abstract number 59
 Thus, binding of RIBEYE(B) to ArfGAP3 could prevent inactivation of
 Arf1 by ArfGAP3 and provides the synaptic ribbon with the possibility to
 control Arf1 function.

>sen13 in abstract number 59
 The interaction is relevant for endocytic vesicle
 trafficking because overexpression of ArfGAP3 in photoreceptors strongly
 inhibited endocytotic uptake of FM1-43

>sen1 in abstract number 60
Bidirectional vesicular transport between the endoplasmic
 reticulum (ER) and Golgi is mediated largely by ARF and Rab GTPases, which
 orchestrate vesicle fission and fusion, respectively.

>sen2 in abstract number 60
 How their activities
 are coordinated in order to define the successive steps of the secretory
 pathway and preserve traffic directionality is not well understood in part
 due to the scarcity of molecular tools that simultaneously target ARF and Rab
 signaling.

>sen3 in abstract number 60
 Here, we take advantage of the unique scaffolding properties of E.
 coli secreted protein G (EspG) to describe the critical role of ARF1/Rab1
 spatiotemporal coordination in vesicular transport at the ER-Golgi
 intermediate compartment.

>sen4 in abstract number 60
 Structural modeling and cellular studies show that
 EspG induces bidirectional traffic arrest by tethering vesicles through
 select ARF1-GTP/effector complexes and local inactivation of Rab1.

>sen5 in abstract number 60
 The
 mechanistic insights presented here establish the effectiveness of a small
 bacterial catalytic scaffold for studying complex processes and reveal an
 alternative mechanism of immune regulation by an important human pathogen

>sen1 in abstract number 61
Vesicle transport occurs in the cytosol through COPI, COPII and
 a clathrin coated vesicle system for transport of lipids and proteins to
 different subcellular compartments.

>sen2 in abstract number 61
 All three systems consist of several
 different protein components to maintain a functional transport.

>sen3 in abstract number 61
 In
 chloroplasts photosynthesis takes place in thylakoids.

>sen4 in abstract number 61
 Thylakoids contain a
 large amount of lipids and proteins but none of these components are produced
 there.

>sen5 in abstract number 61
 Transport of lipids occurs from the envelope membrane where they are
 produced and through the aqueous stroma before being directed to the
 thylakoids.

>sen6 in abstract number 61
 Nuclear encoded proteins use distinct pathways for entering
 thylakoids after import into chloroplasts.

>sen7 in abstract number 61
 Transport of lipids through stroma
 requires either lipid transfer proteins, association between the envelope and
 the thylakoid membrane, or a vesicle transport system similar to the
 cytosolic one.

>sen8 in abstract number 61
 No evidence exists for lipid transfer proteins in
 chloroplasts, nor for a consistent association between the envelope and the
 thylakoid membrane.

>sen9 in abstract number 61
 However, vesicle transport has support from e.g.,
 biochemical and genetics data as well as transelectron microscopy data.

>sen10 in abstract number 61

 Moreover, a recent bioinformatics study revealed putatively COPII related
 proteins to be chloroplast localized in Arabidopsis and thus function in
 vesicle transport in chloroplasts.

>sen11 in abstract number 61
 Here we present gene expression profiles
 of these putatively COPII related chloroplast localized proteins using
 Genevestigator (https://www.genevestigator.com/gv/) with special emphasis on
 Rab related proteins since they represent several stage of vesicle transport
 e.g., uncoating, tethering and fusion

>sen1 in abstract number 62
The copy number of membrane proteins at the cell surface is
 tightly regulated.

>sen2 in abstract number 62
 Many ion channels and receptors present retrieval motifs
 to COPI vesicle coats and are retained in the early secretory pathway.

>sen3 in abstract number 62
 In
 some cases, the interaction with COPI is prevented by binding to 14-3-3
 proteins.

>sen4 in abstract number 62
 However, the functional significance of this antagonism between
 COPI and 14-3-3 in terminally differentiated cells is unknown.

>sen5 in abstract number 62
 Here, we show
 that ATP-sensitive K(+) (KATP) channels, which are composed of Kir6.2 and
 SUR1 subunits, are stalled in the Golgi complex of ventricular, but not
 atrial, cardiomyocytes.

>sen6 in abstract number 62
 Upon sustained beta-adrenergic stimulation, which
 leads to activation of protein kinase A (PKA), SUR1-containing channels reach
 the plasma membrane of ventricular cells.

>sen7 in abstract number 62
 We show that PKA-dependent
 phosphorylation of the C-terminus of Kir6.2 decreases binding to COPI and,
 thereby, silences the arginine-based retrieval signal.

>sen8 in abstract number 62
 Thus, activation of
 the sympathetic nervous system releases this population of KATP channels from
 storage in the Golgi and, hence, might facilitate the adaptive response to
 metabolic challenges

>sen1 in abstract number 63
Lipid droplets (LDs) are ubiquitous organelles that store
 neutral lipids, such as triacylglycerol (TG), as reservoirs of metabolic
 energy and membrane precursors.

>sen2 in abstract number 63
 The Arf1/COPI protein machinery, known for
 its role in vesicle trafficking, regulates LD morphology, targeting of
 specific proteins to LDs and lipolysis through unclear mechanisms.

>sen3 in abstract number 63
 Recent
 evidence shows that Arf1/COPI can bud nano-LDs ( approximately 60 nm
 diameter) from phospholipid-covered oil/water interfaces in vitro.

>sen4 in abstract number 63
 We show
 that Arf1/COPI proteins localize to cellular LDs, are sufficient to bud
 nano-LDs from cellular LDs, and are required for targeting specific
 TG-synthesis enzymes to LD surfaces.

>sen5 in abstract number 63
 Cells lacking Arf1/COPI function have
 increased amounts of phospholipids on LDs, resulting in decreased LD surface
 tension and impairment to form bridges to the ER.

>sen6 in abstract number 63
 Our findings uncover a
 function for Arf1/COPI proteins at LDs and suggest a model in which Arf1/COPI
 machinery acts to control ER-LD connections for localization of key enzymes
 of TG storage and catabolism.

>sen7 in abstract number 63
 DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.01607.001

>sen1 in abstract number 64
Interactions among ADP-ribosylation factors (ARFs), various
 adaptor proteins, and membrane lipids are essential for intracellular vesicle
 transport of a variety of cellular materials.

>sen2 in abstract number 64
 Here, we present nuclear
 magnetic resonance (NMR)-based information on the nature of the interaction
 of yeast Arf1 (yArf1) and the pleckstrin homology (PH) domain of
 four-phosphate-adaptor protein 1 (Fapp1) as it occurs at a model membrane
 surface.

>sen3 in abstract number 64
 Interactions favor a model in which Fapp1 is partially embedded in
 the membrane and interacts with a membrane-associated Arf1 molecule primarily
 through contacts between residues in switch I of Arf1 and regions near and
 under the solution exposed C-terminal extension of the PH domain.

>sen4 in abstract number 64
 The Arf1
 binding site on Fapp1-PH is distinct from a positively charged
 phosphatidylinositol-4-phosphate (PI4P) binding site.

>sen5 in abstract number 64
 A structural model is
 constructed that supports coincidence detection of both activated ARF and
 PI4P as a mechanism facilitating Fapp1 recruitment to membranes

>sen1 in abstract number 65
In vitro reconstitution is prerequisite to investigate complex
 cellular functions at the molecular level.

>sen2 in abstract number 65
 Reconstitution systems range from
 combining complete cellular cytosol with organelle-enriched membrane
 fractions to liposomal systems where all components are chemically defined
 and can be chosen at will.

>sen3 in abstract number 65
 Here, we describe the in vitro reconstitution of
 COPI-coated vesicles from semi-intact cells.

>sen4 in abstract number 65
 Efficient vesicle formation is
 achieved by simple incubation of permeabilized cells with the minimal set of
 coat proteins Arf1 and coatomer, and guanosine trinucleotides.

>sen5 in abstract number 65
 GTP hydrolysis
 or any mechanical manipulations are not required for efficient COPI vesicle
 release

>sen1 in abstract number 66
Treatment of cells with brefeldin A (BFA) blocks secretory
 vesicle transport and causes a collapse of the Golgi apparatus.

>sen2 in abstract number 66
 To gain more
 insight into the cellular mechanisms mediating BFA toxicity, we conducted a
 genome-wide haploid genetic screen that led to the identification of the
 small G protein ADP-ribosylation factor 4 (ARF4).

>sen3 in abstract number 66
 ARF4 depletion preserves
 viability, Golgi integrity and cargo trafficking in the presence of BFA, and
 these effects depend on the guanine nucleotide exchange factor GBF1 and other
 ARF isoforms including ARF1 and ARF5.

>sen4 in abstract number 66
 ARF4 knockdown cells show increased
 resistance to several human pathogens including Chlamydia trachomatis and
 Shigella flexneri.

>sen5 in abstract number 66
 Furthermore, ARF4 expression is induced when cells are
 exposed to several Golgi-disturbing agents and requires the CREB3 (also known
 as Luman or LZIP) transcription factor, whose downregulation mimics ARF4
 loss.

>sen6 in abstract number 66
 Thus, we have uncovered a CREB3-ARF4 signalling cascade that may be
 part of a Golgi stress response set in motion by stimuli compromising Golgi
 capacity

>sen1 in abstract number 67
A core prediction of the vesicular transport model is that COPI
 vesicles are responsible for trafficking anterograde cargoes forward.

>sen2 in abstract number 67
 In this
 study, we test this prediction by examining the properties and requirements
 of inter-Golgi transport within fused cells, which requires mobile carriers
 in order for exchange of constituents to occur.

>sen3 in abstract number 67
 We report that both small
 soluble and membrane-bound secretory cargo and exogenous Golgi resident
 glycosyl-transferases are exchanged between separated Golgi.

>sen4 in abstract number 67
 Large soluble
 aggregates, which traverse individual stacks, do not transfer between Golgi,
 implying that small cargoes (which can fit in a typical transport vesicle)
 are transported by a different mechanism.

>sen5 in abstract number 67
 Super-resolution microscopy reveals
 that the carriers of both anterograde and retrograde cargoes are the size of
 COPI vesicles, contain coatomer, and functionally require ARF1 and coatomer
 for transport.

>sen6 in abstract number 67
 The data suggest that COPI vesicles traffic both small
 secretory cargo and steady-state Golgi resident enzymes among stacked
 cisternae that are stationary.

>sen7 in abstract number 67
 DOI:http://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.01296.001

>sen1 in abstract number 68
Arf1 is a member of the Ras superfamily and is involved in COPI
 vesicle formation.

>sen2 in abstract number 68
 Arf1-GDP can interact with dimeric p23.

>sen3 in abstract number 68
 Here, human Arf1
 (residues 18-181) was cloned, expressed and purified in Escherichia coli.

>sen4 in abstract number 68
 For
 crystallization, Arf1-GDP was mixed with dimeric p23 peptide in a 1:5 molar
 ratio.

>sen5 in abstract number 68
 Crystals were obtained which diffracted to 2.7 A resolution.

>sen6 in abstract number 68
 The
 crystals belonged to space group P6(1)22, with unit-cell parameters a=b=80.6,
 c=336.0 A, alpha=beta=90, gamma=120 degrees .

>sen7 in abstract number 68
 The asymmetric unit of the
 crystals contained two molecules, with a Matthews coefficient of 3.2 A3
 Da(-1) and a solvent content of 61.9%

>sen1 in abstract number 69
Wnt5a directs the assembly of the
 Wnt-receptor-actin-myosin-polarity (WRAMP) structure, which integrates
 cell-adhesion receptors with F-actin and myosin to form a microfilament array
 associated with multivesicular bodies (MVBs).

>sen2 in abstract number 69
 The WRAMP structure is
 polarized to the cell posterior, where it directs tail-end membrane
 retraction, driving forward translocation of the cell body.

>sen3 in abstract number 69
 Here we define
 constituents of the WRAMP proteome, including regulators of microfilament and
 microtubule dynamics, protein interactions, and enzymatic activity.

>sen4 in abstract number 69
 IQGAP1, a
 scaffold for F-actin nucleation and crosslinking, is necessary for WRAMP
 structure formation, potentially bridging microfilaments and MVBs.

>sen5 in abstract number 69
 Vesicle
 coat proteins, including coatomer-I subunits, localize to and are required
 for the WRAMP structure.

>sen6 in abstract number 69
 Electron microscopy and live imaging demonstrate
 movement of the ER to the WRAMP structure and plasma membrane, followed by
 elevation of intracellular Ca2+.

>sen7 in abstract number 69
 Thus, Wnt5a controls directional movement by
 recruiting cortical ER to mobilize a rear-directed, localized Ca2+ signal,
 activating actomyosin contraction and adhesion disassembly for membrane
 retraction

>sen1 in abstract number 70
Periventricular heterotopias is a malformation of cortical
 development, characterized by ectopic neuronal nodules around ventricle
 lining and caused by an initial migration defect during early brain
 development.

>sen2 in abstract number 70
 Human mutations in the Filamin A (FLNA) and ADP-ribosylation
 factor guanine exchange factor 2 [ARFGEF2; encoding brefeldin-A-inhibited
 guanine exchange factor-2 (BIG2)] genes give rise to this disorder.

>sen3 in abstract number 70

 Previously, we have reported that Big2 inhibition impairs neuronal migration
 and binds to FlnA, and its loss promotes FlnA phosphorylation.

>sen4 in abstract number 70
 FlnA
 phosphorylation dictates FlnA-actin binding affinity and consequently alters
 focal adhesion size and number to effect neuronal migration.

>sen5 in abstract number 70
 Here we show
 that FlnA loss similarly impairs migration, reciprocally enhances Big2
 expression, but also alters Big2 subcellular localization in both null and
 conditional FlnA mice.

>sen6 in abstract number 70
 FlnA phosphorylation promotes relocalization of Big2
 from the Golgi toward the lipid ruffles, thereby activating Big2-dependent
 Arf1 at the cell membrane.

>sen7 in abstract number 70
 Loss of FlnA phosphorylation or Big2 function
 impairs Arf1-dependent vesicle trafficking at the periphery, and Arf1 is
 required for maintenance of cell-cell junction connectivity and focal
 adhesion assembly.

>sen8 in abstract number 70
 Loss of Arf1 activity disrupts neuronal migration and cell
 adhesion.

>sen9 in abstract number 70
 Collectively, these studies demonstrate a potential mechanism
 whereby coordinated interactions between actin (through FlnA) and vesicle
 trafficking (through Big2-Arf) direct the assembly and disassembly of
 membrane protein complexes required for neuronal migration and neuroependymal
 integrity

>sen1 in abstract number 71
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER)-Golgi membrane transport and
 autophagy are intersecting trafficking pathways that are tightly regulated
 and crucial for homeostasis, development and disease.

>sen2 in abstract number 71
 Here, we identify
 UVRAG, a beclin-1-binding autophagic factor, as a
 phosphatidylinositol-3-phosphate (PtdIns(3)P)-binding protein that depends on
 PtdIns(3)P for its ER localization.

>sen3 in abstract number 71
 We further show that UVRAG interacts with
 RINT-1, and acts as an integral component of the RINT-1-containing ER
 tethering complex, which couples phosphoinositide metabolism to COPI-vesicle
 tethering.

>sen4 in abstract number 71
 Displacement or knockdown of UVRAG profoundly disrupted COPI cargo
 transfer to the ER and Golgi integrity.

>sen5 in abstract number 71
 Intriguingly, autophagy caused the
 dissociation of UVRAG from the ER tether, which in turn worked in concert
 with the Bif-1-beclin-1-PI(3)KC3 complex to mobilize Atg9 translocation for
 autophagosome formation.

>sen6 in abstract number 71
 These findings identify a regulatory mechanism that
 coordinates Golgi-ER retrograde and autophagy-related vesicular trafficking
 events through physical and functional interactions between UVRAG,
 phosphoinositide and their regulatory factors, thereby ensuring
 spatiotemporal fidelity of membrane trafficking and maintenance of organelle
 homeostasis

>sen1 in abstract number 72
Oxysterol-binding protein (OSBP) and OSBP-related proteins
 (ORPs) have been implicated in the distribution of sterols among
 intracellular organelles.

>sen2 in abstract number 72
 OSBP regulates the Golgi cholesterol level, but how
 it relates to Golgi function is elusive.

>sen3 in abstract number 72
 Here we report that OSBP is
 essential for the localization of intra-Golgi soluble vesicle
 N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive fusion attachment protein receptors (v-SNAREs).

>sen4 in abstract number 72

 Depletion of OSBP by small interfering RNA causes mislocalization of
 intra-Golgi v-SNAREs GS28 and GS15 throughout the cytoplasm without affecting
 the perinuclear localization of Golgi target-SNARE syntaxin5 and reduces the
 abundance of a Golgi enzyme, mannosidase II (Man II).

>sen5 in abstract number 72
 GS28 mislocalization
 and Man II reduction are also induced by cellular cholesterol depletion.

>sen6 in abstract number 72

 Three domains of OSBP-an endoplasmic reticulum-targeting domain, a
 Golgi-targeting domain, and a sterol-binding domain-are all required for
 Golgi localization of GS28.

>sen7 in abstract number 72
 Finally, GS28 mislocalization and Man II
 reduction in OSBP-depleted cells are largely restored by depletion of
 ArfGAP1, a regulator of the budding of coat protein complex (COP)-I vesicles.

>sen8 in abstract number 72

 From these results, we postulate that Golgi cholesterol level, which is
 controlled by OSBP, is essential for Golgi localization of intra-Golgi
 v-SNAREs by ensuring proper COP-I vesicle transport

>sen1 in abstract number 73
The brefeldin A ADP-ribosylated substrate, a member of the
 C-terminal-binding protein family that is referred to as CtBP1/BARS, is a
 dual-function protein that acts as a transcriptional co-repressor in the
 nucleus and as an inducer of membrane fission in the cytoplasm.

>sen2 in abstract number 73
 In this
 review, we first discuss the mechanisms that enable CtBP1/BARS to shift
 between the nuclear transcriptional co-repressor and the cytosolic
 fission-inducing activities.

>sen3 in abstract number 73
 Then, we focus on the role of CtBP1/BARS in
 membrane fission.

>sen4 in abstract number 73
 CtBP1/BARS controls several fission events including
 macropinocytosis, fluid-phase endocytosis, COPI-coated vesicle formation,
 basolaterally directed post-Golgi carrier formation, and Golgi partitioning
 in mitosis.

>sen5 in abstract number 73
 We report on recent advances in our understanding of the
 CtBP1/BARS membrane fission machineries that operate at the trans-side and at
 the cis-side of the Golgi complex.

>sen6 in abstract number 73
 Specifically, we discuss how these
 machineries are assembled and regulated, and how they operate in the
 formation of the basolaterally directed post-Golgi carriers

>sen1 in abstract number 74
Picornaviruses replicate their genomes in association with
 cellular membranes.

>sen2 in abstract number 74
 While enteroviruses are believed to utilize membranes of
 the early secretory pathway, the origin of the membranes used by
 foot-and-mouth disease virus (FMDV) for replication are unknown.

>sen3 in abstract number 74

 Secretory-vesicle traffic through the early secretory pathway is mediated by
 the sequential acquisition of two distinct membrane coat complexes, COPII and
 COPI, and requires the coordinated actions of Sar1, Arf1 and Rab proteins.

>sen4 in abstract number 74

 Sar1 is essential for generating COPII vesicles at endoplasmic reticulum (ER)
 exit sites (ERESs), while Arf1 and Rab1 are required for subsequent vesicle
 transport by COPI vesicles.

>sen5 in abstract number 74
 In the present study, we have provided evidence
 that FMDV requires pre-Golgi membranes of the early secretory pathway for
 infection.

>sen6 in abstract number 74
 Small interfering RNA depletion of Sar1 or expression of a
 dominant-negative (DN) mutant of Sar1a inhibited FMDV infection.

>sen7 in abstract number 74
 In contrast,
 a dominant-active mutant of Sar1a, which allowed COPII vesicle formation but
 inhibited the secretory pathway by stabilizing COPII coats, caused major
 disruption to the ER-Golgi intermediate compartment (ERGIC) but did not
 inhibit infection.

>sen8 in abstract number 74
 Treatment of cells with brefeldin A, or expression of DN
 mutants of Arf1 and Rab1a, disrupted the Golgi and enhanced FMDV infection.

>sen9 in abstract number 74

 These results show that reagents that block the early secretory pathway at
 ERESs have an inhibitory effect on FMDV infection, while reagents that block
 the early secretory pathway immediately after ER exit but before the ERGIC
 and Golgi make infection more favourable.

>sen10 in abstract number 74
 Together, these observations argue
 for a role for Sar1 in FMDV infection and that initial virus replication
 takes place on membranes that are formed at ERESs

>sen1 in abstract number 75
Intracellular trafficking between organelles is achieved by coat
 protein complexes, coat protomers, that bud vesicles from bilayer membranes.

>sen2 in abstract number 75

 Lipid droplets are protected by a monolayer and thus seem unsuitable targets
 for coatomers.

>sen3 in abstract number 75
 Unexpectedly, coat protein complex I (COPI) is required for
 lipid droplet targeting of some proteins, suggesting a possible direct
 interaction between COPI and lipid droplets.

>sen4 in abstract number 75
 Here, we find that COPI coat
 components can bud 60-nm triacylglycerol nanodroplets from artificial lipid
 droplet (LD) interfaces.

>sen5 in abstract number 75
 This budding decreases phospholipid packing of the
 monolayer decorating the mother LD.

>sen6 in abstract number 75
 As a result, hydrophobic triacylglycerol
 molecules become more exposed to the aqueous environment, increasing LD
 surface tension.

>sen7 in abstract number 75
 In vivo, this surface tension increase may prime lipid
 droplets for reactions with neighboring proteins or membranes.

>sen8 in abstract number 75
 It provides a
 mechanism fundamentally different from transport vesicle formation by COPI,
 likely responsible for the diverse lipid droplet phenotypes associated with
 depletion of COPI subunits

>sen1 in abstract number 76
Vesicle trafficking systems play essential roles in the
 communication between the organelles of eukaryotic cells and also between
 cells and their environment.

>sen2 in abstract number 76
 Endocytosis and the late secretory route are
 mediated by clathrin-coated vesicles, while the COat Protein I and II (COPI
 and COPII) routes stand for the bidirectional traffic between the ER and the
 Golgi apparatus.

>sen3 in abstract number 76
 Despite similar fundamental organizations, the molecular
 machinery, functions, and evolutionary characteristics of the three systems
 are very different.

>sen4 in abstract number 76
 In this work, we compiled the basic functional protein
 groups of the three main routes for human and yeast and analyzed them from
 the structural disorder perspective.

>sen5 in abstract number 76
 We found similar overall disorder
 content in yeast and human proteins, confirming the well-conserved nature of
 these systems.

>sen6 in abstract number 76
 Most functional groups contain highly disordered proteins,
 supporting the general importance of structural disorder in these routes,
 although some of them seem to heavily rely on disorder, while others do not.

>sen7 in abstract number 76

 Interestingly, the clathrin system is significantly more disordered (~23%)
 than the other two, COPI (~9%) and COPII (~8%).

>sen8 in abstract number 76
 We show that this structural
 phenomenon enhances the inherent plasticity and increased evolutionary
 adaptability of the clathrin system, which distinguishes it from the other
 two routes.

>sen9 in abstract number 76
 Since multi-functionality (moonlighting) is indicative of both
 plasticity and adaptability, we studied its prevalence in vesicle trafficking
 proteins and correlated it with structural disorder.

>sen10 in abstract number 76
 Clathrin adaptors have
 the highest capability for moonlighting while also comprising the most highly
 disordered members.

>sen11 in abstract number 76
 The ability to acquire tissue specific functions was also
 used to approach adaptability: clathrin route genes have the most tissue
 specific exons encoding for protein segments enriched in structural disorder
 and interaction sites.

>sen12 in abstract number 76
 Overall, our results confirm the general importance of
 structural disorder in vesicle trafficking and suggest major roles for this
 structural property in shaping the differences of evolutionary adaptability
 in the three routes

>sen1 in abstract number 77
Spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) is a devastating neuromuscular
 disorder that stems from low levels of survival of motor neuron (SMN)
 protein.

>sen2 in abstract number 77
 The processes that cause motor neurons and muscle cells to become
 dysfunctional are incompletely understood.

>sen3 in abstract number 77
 We are interested in neuromuscular
 homeostasis and the stresses put upon that system by loss of SMN.

>sen4 in abstract number 77
 We recently
 reported that alpha-COP, a member of the coatomer complex of coat protein I
 (COPI) vesicles, is an SMN-binding partner, implicating this protein complex
 in normal SMN function.

>sen5 in abstract number 77
 To investigate the functional significance of the
 interaction between alpha-COP and SMN, we constructed an inducible NSC-34
 cell culture system to model the consequences of SMN depletion and find that
 depletion of SMN protein results in shortened neurites.

>sen6 in abstract number 77
 Heterologous
 expression of human SMN, and interestingly over-expression of alpha-COP,
 restores normal neurite length and morphology.

>sen7 in abstract number 77
 Mutagenesis of the canonical
 COPI dilysine motifs in exon 2b results in failure to bind to alpha-COP and
 abrogates the ability of human SMN to restore neurite outgrowth in
 SMN-depleted motor neuron-like NSC-34 cells.

>sen8 in abstract number 77
 We conclude that the interaction
 between SMN and alpha-COP serves an important function in the growth and
 maintenance of motor neuron processes and may play a significant role in the
 pathogenesis of SMA

>sen1 in abstract number 78
We have previously shown that defects in COPI coatomer proteins
 cause 80% mortality in blood fed Aedes aegypti mosquitoes by 96 h
 post-feeding.

>sen2 in abstract number 78
 In this study we show that similar deficiencies in COPII and
 clathrin mediated vesicle transport do not disrupt blood meal digestion and
 are not lethal, even though both COPII and clathrin functions are required
 for ovarian development.

>sen3 in abstract number 78
 Since COPI vesicle transport is controlled in
 mammalian cells by upstream G proteins and associated regulatory factors, we
 investigated the function of the orthologous ADP-ribosylation factor 1 (ARF1)
 and ARF4 proteins in mosquito tissues.

>sen4 in abstract number 78
 We found that both ARF1 and ARF4
 function upstream of COPI vesicle transport in blood fed mosquitoes given
 that an ARF1/ARF4 double deficiency is required to phenocopy the
 feeding-induced mortality observed in COPI coatomer deficient mosquitoes.

>sen5 in abstract number 78

 Small molecule inhibitors of guanine nucleotide exchange factors (GEFs) and
 GTPase-activating proteins (GAPs) are often transitory, and therefore, we
 investigated the role of five Ae. aegypti ARF-GEF and ARF-GAP proteins in
 blood meal digestion using RNA interference.

>sen6 in abstract number 78
 Surprisingly, we found that
 ARF-GEF and ARF-GAP functions are not required for blood meal digestion, even
 though both vitellogenesis and ovarian development in Ae. aegypti are
 dependent on GBF1 (ARF-GEF) and GAP1/GAP2 (ARF-GAPs) proteins.

>sen7 in abstract number 78
 Moreover,
 deficiencies in orthologous COPI regulating genes in Anopheles stephensi
 mosquitoes had similar phenotypes, indicating conserved functions in these
 two mosquito species.

>sen8 in abstract number 78
 We propose that based on the need for rapid initiation
 of protein digestion and peritrophic membrane formation, COPI vesicle
 transport in midgut epithelial cells is not dependent on ARF-GEF and ARF-GAP
 regulatory proteins to mediate vesicle recycling within the first 48 h
 post-feeding

>sen1 in abstract number 79
Intracellular transport and maintenance of the endomembrane
 system in eukaryotes depends on formation and fusion of vesicular carriers.

>sen2 in abstract number 79
 A
 seeming discrepancy exists in the literature about the basic mechanism in the
 scission of transport vesicles that depend on GTP-binding proteins.

>sen3 in abstract number 79
 Some
 reports describe that the scission of COP-coated vesicles is dependent on GTP
 hydrolysis, whereas others found that GTP hydrolysis is not required.

>sen4 in abstract number 79
 In
 order to investigate this pivotal mechanism in vesicle formation, we analyzed
 formation of COPI- and COPII-coated vesicles utilizing semi-intact cells.

>sen5 in abstract number 79
 The
 small GTPases Sar1 and Arf1 together with their corresponding coat proteins,
 the Sec23/24 and Sec13/31 complexes for COPII and coatomer for COPI vesicles
 were required and sufficient to drive vesicle formation.

>sen6 in abstract number 79
 Both types of
 vesicles were efficiently generated when GTP hydrolysis was blocked either by
 utilizing the poorly hydrolyzable GTP analogs GTPgammaS and GMP-PNP, or with
 constitutively active mutants of the small GTPases.

>sen7 in abstract number 79
 Thus, GTP hydrolysis is
 not required for the formation and release of COP vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 80
Peroxisome biogenesis initiates at the endoplasmic reticulum
 (ER) and maturation allows for the formation of metabolically active
 organelles.

>sen2 in abstract number 80
 Yet, peroxisomes can also multiply by growth and division.

>sen3 in abstract number 80

 Several proteins, called peroxins, are known to participate in these
 processes but little is known about their organization to orchestrate
 peroxisome proliferation.

>sen4 in abstract number 80
 Here, we demonstrate that regulation of peroxisome
 proliferation relies on the integrity of the tubular ER network.

>sen5 in abstract number 80
 Using a dual
 track SILAC-based quantitative interaction proteomics approach, we
 established a comprehensive network of stable as well as transient
 interactions of the peroxin Pex30p, an integral membrane protein.

>sen6 in abstract number 80
 Through
 association with merely ER resident proteins, in particular with proteins
 containing a reticulon homology domain, and with other peroxins, Pex30p
 designates peroxisome contact sites at ER subdomains.

>sen7 in abstract number 80
 We show that Pex30p
 traffics through the ER and segregates in punctae to which peroxisomes
 specifically append, and we ascertain its transient interaction with all
 subunits of the COPI coatomer complex suggesting the involvement of a
 vesicle-mediated transport.

>sen8 in abstract number 80
 We establish that the membrane protein Pex30p
 facilitates the connection of peroxisomes to the ER.

>sen9 in abstract number 80
 Taken together, our data
 indicate that Pex30p-containing protein complexes act as focal points from
 which peroxisomes can form and that the tubular ER architecture organized by
 the reticulon homology proteins Rtn1p, Rtn2p and Yop1p controls this process

>sen1 in abstract number 81
The intraflagellar transport (IFT) complex is an integral
 component of the cilium, a quintessential organelle of the eukaryotic cell.

>sen2 in abstract number 81

 The IFT system consists of three subcomplexes [i.e., intraflagellar transport
 (IFT)-A, IFT-B, and the BBSome], which together transport proteins and other
 molecules along the cilium.

>sen3 in abstract number 81
 IFT dysfunction results in diseases collectively
 called ciliopathies.

>sen4 in abstract number 81
 It has been proposed that the IFT complexes originated
 from vesicle coats similar to coat protein complex (COP) I, COPII, and
 clathrin.

>sen5 in abstract number 81
 Here we provide phylogenetic evidence for common ancestry of IFT
 subunits and alpha, beta', and epsilon subunits of COPI, and trace the
 origins of the IFT-A, IFT-B, and the BBSome subcomplexes.

>sen6 in abstract number 81
 We find that IFT-A
 and the BBSome likely arose from an IFT-B-like complex by intracomplex
 subunit duplication.

>sen7 in abstract number 81
 The distribution of IFT proteins across eukaryotes
 identifies the BBSome as a frequently lost, modular component of the IFT.

>sen8 in abstract number 81

 Significantly, loss of the BBSome from a taxon is a frequent precursor to
 complete cilium loss in related taxa.

>sen9 in abstract number 81
 Given the inferred late origin of the
 BBSome in cilium evolution and its frequent loss, the IFT complex behaves as
 a ""last-in, first-out"" system.

>sen10 in abstract number 81
 The protocoatomer origin of the IFT complex
 corroborates involvement of IFT components in vesicle transport.

>sen11 in abstract number 81
 Expansion of
 IFT subunits by duplication and their subsequent independent loss supports
 the idea of modularity and structural independence of the IFT subcomplexes

>sen1 in abstract number 82
GDAP1 is an outer mitochondrial membrane protein that acts as a
 regulator of mitochondrial dynamics.

>sen2 in abstract number 82
 Mutations of the GDAP1 gene cause
 Charcot-Marie-Tooth (CMT) neuropathy.

>sen3 in abstract number 82
 We show that GDAP1 interacts with the
 vesicle-organelle trafficking proteins RAB6B and caytaxin, which suggests
 that GDAP1 may participate in the mitochondrial movement within the cell.

>sen4 in abstract number 82

 GDAP1 silencing in the SH-SY5Y cell line induces abnormal distribution of the
 mitochondrial network, reduces the contact between mitochondria and
 endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and alters the mobilization of mitochondria
 towards plasma membrane upon depletion of ER-Ca(2+) stores.

>sen5 in abstract number 82
 GDAP1 silencing
 does not affect mitochondrial Ca(2+) uptake, ER-Ca(2+), or Ca(2+) flow from
 ER to mitochondria, but reduces Ca(2+) inflow through store-operated Ca(2+)
 entry (SOCE) following mobilization of ER-Ca(2+) and SOCE-driven Ca(2+) entry
 in mitochondria.

>sen6 in abstract number 82
 Our studies suggest that the pathophysiology of
 GDAP1-related CMT neuropathies may be associated with abnormal distribution
 and movement of mitochondria throughout cytoskeleton towards the ER and
 subplasmalemmal microdomains, resulting in a decrease in SOCE activity and
 impaired SOCE-driven Ca(2+) uptake in mitochondria

>sen1 in abstract number 83
The human pathogens enterohemorrhagic and enteropathogenic
 Escherichia coli (EHEC and EPEC), as well as the mouse pathogen Citrobacter
 rodentium encode type III secretion system (T3SS) effector proteins to
 promote their survival in the infected host.

>sen2 in abstract number 83
 The mechanisms of action and the
 host targets of T3SS effectors are under active investigation because of
 their importance to bacterial virulence.

>sen3 in abstract number 83
 The non-locus of enterocyte
 effacement (LEE)-encoded protein F, NleF, contributes to E. coli and C.
 rodentium colonization of piglets and mice, respectively.

>sen4 in abstract number 83
 Here we sought to
 characterize the host binding partners of NleF.

>sen5 in abstract number 83
 Using a yeast two-hybrid
 screen, we identified Tmp21, a type-I integral membrane protein and
 COPI-vesicle receptor involved in trans-Golgi network function, as an
 NleF-binding partner.

>sen6 in abstract number 83
 We confirmed this interaction using immunoprecipitation
 and bimolecular fluorescence complementation (BiFC).

>sen7 in abstract number 83
 We expressed a
 temperature-sensitive vesicular stomatitis virus glycoprotein (tsVSVG) to
 monitor protein trafficking and determined that NleF slows the intracellular
 trafficking of tsVSVG from the endoplasmic reticulum to the Golgi

>sen1 in abstract number 84
The transport of proteins and lipids between distinct cellular
 compartments is conducted by coated vesicles.

>sen2 in abstract number 84
 These vesicles are formed by
 the self-assembly of coat proteins on a membrane, leading to collection of
 the vesicle cargo and membrane bending to form a bud.

>sen3 in abstract number 84
 Scission at the bud
 neck releases the vesicle.

>sen4 in abstract number 84
 X-ray crystallography and electron microscopy (EM)
 have recently generated models of isolated coat components and assembled
 coats.

>sen5 in abstract number 84
 Here, we review these data to present a structural overview of the
 three main coats: clathrin, COPII, and COPI.

>sen6 in abstract number 84
 The three coats have similar
 function, common ancestry, and structural similarities, but exhibit
 fundamental differences in structure and assembly.

>sen7 in abstract number 84
 We describe the
 implications of structural similarities and differences for understanding the
 function, assembly principles, and evolution of vesicle coats

>sen1 in abstract number 85
Membrane recruitment of the COPI vesicle coat is fundamental to
 its function and contributes to compartment identity in the early secretory
 pathway.

>sen2 in abstract number 85
 COPI recruitment is triggered by guanine nucleotide exchange
 activating the Arf1 GTPase, but the key exchange factor, GBF1, is a
 peripheral membrane component whose membrane association is dependent on
 another GTPase, Rab1.

>sen3 in abstract number 85
 Inactive Rab GTPases are in a soluble complex with
 guanine nucleotide dissociation inhibitor (GDI) and activation of Rab GTPases
 by exchange factors can be enhanced by GDI dissociation factors (GDFs).

>sen4 in abstract number 85
 In
 the present study, we investigated the vesicle docking protein p115 and it's
 binding to the Rab1 isoform Rab1b.

>sen5 in abstract number 85
 Inhibition of p115 expression induced
 dissociation of Rab1b from Golgi membranes.

>sen6 in abstract number 85
 Rab1b bound the cc2 domain of
 p115 and p115 lacking this domain failed to recruit Rab1b.

>sen7 in abstract number 85
 Further, p115
 inhibition blocked association of the COPI coat with Golgi membranes and this
 was suppressed by constitutive activation of Rab1b.

>sen8 in abstract number 85
 These findings show p115
 enhancement of Rab1b activation leading to COPI recruitment suggesting a
 connection between the vesicle docking machinery and the vesicle coat complex
 during the establishment of post-ER compartment identity

>sen1 in abstract number 86
ADP-ribosylation factor1 (Arf1), a member of the small
 GTP-binding proteins, plays a pivotal role in protein trafficking to multiple
 organelles.

>sen2 in abstract number 86
 In its GDP-bound form, Arf1 is recruited from the cytosol to
 organelle membranes, where it functions in vesicle-mediated protein
 trafficking.

>sen3 in abstract number 86
 However, the mechanism of Arf1-GDP recruitment remains unknown.

>sen4 in abstract number 86

 Here, we provide evidence that two Glo3p-type Arf GTPase-activating proteins
 (ArfGAPs), ArfGAP domain8 (AGD8) and AGD9, are involved in the recruitment of
 Arf1-GDP to the Golgi apparatus in Arabidopsis (Arabidopsis thaliana).

>sen5 in abstract number 86
 RNA
 interference plants expressing low levels of AGD8 and AGD9 exhibited abnormal
 Golgi morphology, inhibition of protein trafficking, and arrest of plant
 growth and development.

>sen6 in abstract number 86
 In RNA interference plants, Arf1 was poorly recruited
 to the Golgi apparatus.

>sen7 in abstract number 86
 Conversely, high levels of AGD8 and AGD9 induced Arf1
 accumulation at the Golgi and suppressed Golgi disruption and inhibition of
 vacuolar trafficking that was caused by overexpression of AGD7.

>sen8 in abstract number 86
 Based on
 these results, we propose that the Glo3p-type ArfGAPs AGD8 and AGD9 recruit
 Arf1-GDP from the cytosol to the Golgi for Arf1-mediated protein trafficking,
 which is essential for plant development and growth

>sen1 in abstract number 87
Protein sorting between eukaryotic compartments requires
 vesicular transport, wherein tethering provides the first contact between
 vesicle and target membranes.

>sen2 in abstract number 87
 Here we map and start to functionally analyze
 the interaction network of the conserved oligomeric Golgi (COG) complex that
 mediates retrograde tethering at the Golgi.

>sen3 in abstract number 87
 The interactions of COG subunits
 with members of transport factor families assign the individual subunits as
 specific interaction hubs.

>sen4 in abstract number 87
 Functional analysis of selected interactions
 suggests a mechanistic tethering model.

>sen5 in abstract number 87
 We find that the COG complex
 interacts with two different Rabs in addition to each end of the golgin ""TAT
A element modulatory factor"" (TMF).

>sen6 in abstract number 87
 This allows COG to potentially bridge the
 distance between the distal end of the golgin and the target membrane thereby
 promoting tighter docking.

>sen7 in abstract number 87
 Concurrently we show that the central portion of
 TMF can bind to Golgi membranes that are liberated of their COPI cover.

>sen8 in abstract number 87
 This
 latter interaction could serve to bring vesicle and target membranes into
 close apposition prior to fusion.

>sen9 in abstract number 87
 A target selection mechanism, in which a
 hetero-oligomeric tethering factor organizes Rabs and coiled transport
 factors to enable protein sorting specificity, could be applicable to vesicle
 targeting throughout eukaryotic cells

>sen1 in abstract number 88
OBJECTIVE: Cell-surface localization and intracellular
 trafficking are essential for the function of ATP-binding cassette
 transporter A-1 (ABCA1).

>sen2 in abstract number 88
 However, regulation of these activities is still
 largely unknown.

>sen3 in abstract number 88
 Brefeldin A, an uncompetitive inhibitor of brefeldin
 A-inhibited guanine nucleotide-exchange proteins (BIGs), disturbs the
 intracellular distribution of ABCA1, and thus inhibits cholesterol efflux.

>sen4 in abstract number 88

 This study aimed to define the possible roles of BIGs in regulating ABCA1
 trafficking and cholesterol efflux, and further to explore the potential
 mechanism.

>sen5 in abstract number 88
 METHODS AND RESULTS: By vesicle immunoprecipitation, we found that
 BIG1 was associated with ABCA1 in vesicles preparation from rat liver.

>sen6 in abstract number 88
 BIG1
 depletion reduced surface ABCA1 on HepG2 cells, and inhibited by 60%
 cholesterol release.

>sen7 in abstract number 88
 In contrast, BIG1 overexpression increased surface ABCA1
 and cholesterol secretion.

>sen8 in abstract number 88
 With partial restoration of BIG1 through
 overexpression in BIG1-depleted cells, surface ABCA1 was also restored.

>sen9 in abstract number 88

 Biotinylation and glutathione cleavage revealed that BIG1 small interfering
 RNA dramatically decreased the internalization and recycling of ABCA1.

>sen10 in abstract number 88
 This
 novel function of BIG1 was dependent on the guanine nucleotide-exchange
 activity and achieved through activation of ADP-ribosylation factor 1.

>sen11 in abstract number 88

 CONCLUSIONS: BIG1, through its ability to activate ADP-ribosylation factor 1,
 regulates cell-surface levels and function of ABCA1, indicating a
 transcription-independent mechanism for controlling ABCA1 action

>sen1 in abstract number 89
Protein kinase C epsilon (PKCepsilon) contributes to multiple
 signaling pathways affecting human disease.

>sen2 in abstract number 89
 The function of PKCepsilon
 requires it to undergo changes in subcellular distribution in response to
 signaling events.

>sen3 in abstract number 89
 While the mechanisms underlying this translocation are
 incompletely understood, it involves the receptor for activated C kinase
 protein (RACK2/beta'-COP).

>sen4 in abstract number 89
 This receptor also functions as a vesicle coat
 protein in the secretory pathway where it is regulated by the small
 GTP-binding protein ADP-ribosylation factor, ARF1.

>sen5 in abstract number 89
 We inhibited ARF1
 activation to test the requirement for RACK2/beta'-COP in PKCepsilon
 localization in NIH3T3 fibroblasts.

>sen6 in abstract number 89
 We found that steady-state localization
 of PKCepsilon at the Golgi complex requires ARF1-regulated RACK2/beta'-COP
 function.

>sen7 in abstract number 89
 By contrast, we did not observe any defects in phorbol
 ester-induced translocation when ARF1 was inhibited.

>sen8 in abstract number 89
 We also found that
 PKCepsilon bound to isolated membranes through two distinct mechanisms.

>sen9 in abstract number 89
 One
 mechanism was dependent upon RACK2/beta'-COP while a second was RACK2/beta
'-COP-independent and stimulated by phorbol esters.

>sen10 in abstract number 89
 Finally, we show that
 RACK2/beta'-COP affects the subcellular distribution of a constitutively
 active form of PKCepsilon, in a manner similar to what we observed for
 wild-type PKCepsilon.

>sen11 in abstract number 89
 Together, our data support a role for RACK2/beta'-COP
 in the steady-state localization of PKCepsilon at the Golgi apparatus, which
 may be independent of its role during PKCepsilon translocation to the cell
 surface

>sen1 in abstract number 90
Abstract Members of the p24 protein family form a highly
 conserved family of type I transmembrane proteins that are abundant
 components of the early secretory pathway.

>sen2 in abstract number 90
 Topologically, the proteins have a
 large luminal domain and a short cytoplasmic domain that allows for targeting
 to both coat protein complex II and coat protein complex I vesicles, and thus
 these proteins cycle between the endoplasmic reticulum and Golgi
 compartments.

>sen3 in abstract number 90
 Several functions have been proposed for these proteins
 including a role in coat protein complex I vesicle biogenesis, cargo protein
 selection, organization of intracellular membranes, and protein quality
 control.

>sen4 in abstract number 90
 Recent studies have added to the list of potential cargo substrates
 for which p24 function is required for normal transport in the secretory
 pathway.

>sen5 in abstract number 90
 This review focuses on recent developments in the study of p24
 proteins and their requirement for secretory and membrane protein transport
 in eukaryotic cells

>sen1 in abstract number 91
Our fundamental understanding of how several thousand diverse
 RNAs are recognized in the soma, sorted, packaged, transported and localized
 within the cell is fragmentary.

>sen2 in abstract number 91
 The COPa and COPb proteins of the coatomer
 protein I (COPI) vesicle complex were reported to interact with specific RNAs
 and represent a candidate RNA sorting and transport system.

>sen3 in abstract number 91
 To determine the
 RNA-binding profile of Golgi-derived COPI in neuronal cells, we performed
 formaldehyde-linked RNA immunoprecipitation, followed by high-throughput
 sequencing, a process we term FLRIP-Seq (FLRIP, formaldehyde-cross-linked
 immunoprecipitation).

>sen4 in abstract number 91
 We demonstrate that COPa co-immunoprecipitates a
 specific set of RNAs that are enriched in G-quadruplex motifs and fragile X
 mental retardation protein-associated RNAs and that encode factors that
 predominantly localize to the plasma membrane and cytoskeleton and function
 within signaling pathways.

>sen5 in abstract number 91
 These data support the novel function of COPI in
 inter-compartmental trafficking of RNA

>sen1 in abstract number 92
Usher syndrome is a genetically heterogeneous disorder
 characterized by hearing and balance dysfunction and progressive retinitis
 pigmentosa.

>sen2 in abstract number 92
 Mouse models carrying mutations for the nine Usher-associated
 genes have splayed stereocilia, and some show delayed maturation of ribbon
 synapses suggesting these proteins may play different roles in terminal
 differentiation of auditory hair cells.

>sen3 in abstract number 92
 The presence of the Usher proteins at
 the basal and apical aspects of the neurosensory epithelia suggests the
 existence of regulated trafficking through specific transport proteins and
 routes.

>sen4 in abstract number 92
 Immature mouse cochleae and UB/OC-1 cells were used in this work to
 address whether specific variants of PCDH15 and VLGR1 are being selectively
 transported to opposite poles of the hair cells.

>sen5 in abstract number 92
 Confocal colocalization
 studies between apical and basal vesicular markers and the different PCDH15
 and VLGR1 variants along with sucrose density gradients and the use of
 vesicle trafficking inhibitors show the existence of Usher protein complexes
 in at least two vesicular subpools.

>sen6 in abstract number 92
 The apically trafficked pool colocalized
 with the early endosomal vesicle marker, rab5, while the basally trafficked
 pool associated with membrane microdomains and SNAP25.

>sen7 in abstract number 92
 Moreover,
 coimmunoprecipitation experiments between SNAP25 and VLGR1 show a physical
 interaction of these two proteins in organ of Corti and brain.

>sen8 in abstract number 92
 Collectively,
 these findings establish the existence of a differential vesicular
 trafficking mechanism for specific Usher protein variants in mouse cochlear
 hair cells, with the apical variants playing a potential role in endosomal
 recycling and stereocilia development/maintenance, and the basolateral
 variants involved in vesicle docking and/or fusion through SNAP25-mediated
 interactions

>sen1 in abstract number 93
Per definition, ER exit sites are COPII vesiculation events at
 the surface of the ER and in higher plants are only visualizable in the
 electron microscope through cryofixation techniques.

>sen2 in abstract number 93
 Fluorescent COPII
 labeling moves with Golgi stacks and locates to the interface between the ER
 and the Golgi.

>sen3 in abstract number 93
 In contrast, the domain of the ER where retrograde COPI
 vesicles fuse, i.e., ER import sites (ERIS), has remained unclear.

>sen4 in abstract number 93
 To
 identify ERIS we have employed ER-located SNAREs and tethering factors.

>sen5 in abstract number 93
 We
 screened several SNAREs (SYP81, the SYP7 family, and USE1) to find a SNARE
 whose overexpression did not disrupt ER-Golgi traffic and which gave rise to
 discrete fluorescent punctae when expressed with an XFP tag.

>sen6 in abstract number 93
 Only the
 Qc-SNARE SYP72 fulfilled these criteria.

>sen7 in abstract number 93
 When coexpressed with SYP72-YFP,
 both the type I-membrane protein RFP-p24delta5 and the luminal marker
 CFP-HDEL whose ER localization are due to an efficient COPI-mediated
 recycling, form nodules along the tubular ER network.

>sen8 in abstract number 93
 SYP72-YFP colocalizes
 with these nodules which are not seen when RFP-p24delta5 or CFP-HDEL is
 expressed alone or when SYP72-YFP is coexpressed with a mutant form of
 RFP-p24delta5 that cannot exit the ER.

>sen9 in abstract number 93
 SYP72-YFP does not colocalize with
 Golgi markers, except when the Golgi stacks are immobilized through actin
 depolymerization.

>sen10 in abstract number 93
 Endogenous SYP7 SNAREs, also colocalize with immobilized
 COPII/Golgi.

>sen11 in abstract number 93
 In contrast, XFP-tagged versions of plant homologs to TIP20 of
 the Dsl1 COPI-tethering factor complex, and the COPII-tethering factor p115
 colocalize perfectly with Golgi stacks irrespective of the motile status.

>sen12 in abstract number 93

 These data suggest that COPI vesicle fusion with the ER is restricted to
 periods when Golgi stacks are stationary, but that when moving both COPII and
 COPI vesicles are tethered and collect in the ER-Golgi interface.

>sen13 in abstract number 93
 Thus, the
 Golgi stack and an associated domain of the ER thereby constitute a mobile
 secretory and recycling unit: a unique feature in eukaryotic cells

>sen1 in abstract number 94
Coated vesicles are key components of the machinery of vesicular
 transport used by eukaryotic cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 94
 In a recent story published in Science,
 Faini et al. (2012) report on the detailed 3D structure of a synthetically
 generated COPI vesicle coat obtained using cryoelectron tomography

>sen1 in abstract number 95
The ArfGAPs are a family of proteins containing an ArfGAP
 catalytic domain that induces the hydrolysis of GTP bound to the small
 guanine nucleotide binding-protein ADP-ribosylation factor (Arf).

>sen2 in abstract number 95
 Functional
 models for Arfs, which are regulators of membrane traffic, are based on the
 idea that guanine nucleotide-binding proteins function as switches: Arf with
 GTP bound is active and binds to effector proteins; the conversion of GTP to
 GDP inactivates Arf.

>sen3 in abstract number 95
 The cellular activities of ArfGAPs have been examined
 primarily as regulatory proteins that inactivate Arf; however, Arf function
 in membrane traffic does not strictly adhere to the concept of a simple
 switch, adding complexity to models explaining the role of ArfGAPs.

>sen4 in abstract number 95
 Here, we
 review the literature addressing the function Arf and ArfGAP1 in COPI
 mediated transport, focusing on two critical and integrated functions of
 membrane traffic, cargo sorting and vesicle coat polymerization.

>sen5 in abstract number 95
 We briefly
 discuss other ArfGAPs that may have similar function in Arf-dependent
 membrane traffic outside the ER-Golgi

>sen1 in abstract number 96
Transport between compartments of eukaryotic cells is mediated
 by coated vesicles.

>sen2 in abstract number 96
 The archetypal protein coats COPI, COPII, and clathrin
 are conserved from yeast to human.

>sen3 in abstract number 96
 Structural studies of COPII and clathrin
 coats assembled in vitro without membranes suggest that coat components
 assemble regular cages with the same set of interactions between components.

>sen4 in abstract number 96

 Detailed three-dimensional structures of coated membrane vesicles have not
 been obtained.

>sen5 in abstract number 96
 Here, we solved the structures of individual COPI-coated
 membrane vesicles by cryoelectron tomography and subtomogram averaging of in
 vitro reconstituted budding reactions.

>sen6 in abstract number 96
 The coat protein complex, coatomer,
 was observed to adopt alternative conformations to change the number of other
 coatomers with which it interacts and to form vesicles with variable sizes
 and shapes.

>sen7 in abstract number 96
 This represents a fundamentally different basis for vesicle coat
 assembly

>sen1 in abstract number 97
The mammalian Golgi complex is a highly dynamic organelle
 consisting of stacks of flattened cisternae with associated coated vesicles
 and membrane tubules that contribute to cargo import and export,
 intra-cisternal trafficking, and overall Golgi architecture.

>sen2 in abstract number 97
 At the
 morphological level, all of these structures are continuously remodeled to
 carry out these trafficking functions.

>sen3 in abstract number 97
 Recent advances have shown that
 continual phospholipid remodeling by phospholipase A (PLA) and
 lysophospholipid acyltransferase (LPAT) enzymes, which deacylate and
 reacylate Golgi phospholipids, respectively, contributes to this
 morphological remodeling.

>sen4 in abstract number 97
 Here we review the identification and
 characterization of four cytoplasmic PLA enzymes and one integral membrane
 LPAT that participate in the dynamic functional organization of the Golgi
 complex, and how some of these enzymes are integrated to determine the
 relative abundance of COPI vesicle and membrane tubule formation.

>sen5 in abstract number 97
 This
 article is part of a Special Issue entitled Lipids and Vesicular Transport

>sen1 in abstract number 98
The coatomer protein complex, COPI, mediates retrograde vesicle
 transport from the Golgi apparatus to the ER.

>sen2 in abstract number 98
 Here, we investigated the
 meiotic phenotype of Drosophila melanogaster spermatocytes expressing dsRNA
 of 52 genes encoding membrane-trafficking-related factors.

>sen3 in abstract number 98
 We identified COPI
 as an essential factor for male meiosis.

>sen4 in abstract number 98
 In Drosophila male meiotic
 divisions, COPI is localized in the ER-Golgi intermediate compartment of
 tER-Golgi units scattered throughout the spermatocyte cytoplasm.

>sen5 in abstract number 98
 Prior to
 chromosome segregation, the vesicles assemble at the spindle pole periphery
 through a poleward movement, mediated by minus-end motor dynein along astral
 microtubules.

>sen6 in abstract number 98
 At the end of each meiotic division, COPI-containing vesicles
 are equally partitioned between two daughter cells.

>sen7 in abstract number 98
 Our present data strongly
 suggest that spermatocytes possess a regulatory mechanism for equal
 inheritance of several types of membrane vesicles.

>sen8 in abstract number 98
 Using testis-specific
 knockdown of COPI subunits or the small GTPase Arf or mutations of the
 gammaCOP gene, we examined the role of COPI in male meiosis.

>sen9 in abstract number 98
 COPI depletion
 resulted in the failure of cytokinesis, through disrupted accumulation of
 essential proteins and lipid components at the cleavage furrow region.

>sen10 in abstract number 98

 Furthermore, it caused a reduction in the number of overlapping central
 spindle microtubules, which are essential for cytokinesis.

>sen11 in abstract number 98
 Drosophila
 spermatocytes construct ER-based intracellular structures associated with
 astral and spindle microtubules.

>sen12 in abstract number 98
 COPI depletion resulted in severe disruption
 of these ER-based structures.

>sen13 in abstract number 98
 Thus, we propose that COPI plays an important
 role in Drosophila male meiosis, not only through vesicle transport to the
 cleavage furrow region, but also through the formation of ER-based structures

>sen1 in abstract number 99
We have shown previously that Rab6, a small,
 trans-Golgi-localized GTPase, acts upstream of the conserved oligomeric Golgi
 complex (COG) and ZW10/RINT1 retrograde tether complexes to maintain Golgi
 homeostasis.

>sen2 in abstract number 99
 In this article, we present evidence from the unbiased and
 high-resolution approach of electron microscopy and electron tomography that
 Rab6 is essential to the trans-Golgi trafficking of two morphological classes
 of coated vesicles; the larger corresponds to clathrin-coated vesicles and
 the smaller to coat protein I (COPI)-coated vesicles.

>sen3 in abstract number 99
 On the basis of the
 site of coated vesicle accumulation, cisternal dilation and the normal
 kinetics of cargo transport from the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) to Golgi
 followed by delayed Golgi to cell surface transport, we suggest that Golgi
 function in cargo transport is preferentially inhibited at the
 trans-Golgi/trans-Golgi network (TGN).

>sen4 in abstract number 99
 The >50% increase in Golgi cisternae
 number in Rab6-depleted HeLa cells that we observed may well be coupled to
 the trans-Golgi accumulation of COPI-coated vesicles; depletion of the
 individual Rab6 effector, myosin IIA, produced an accumulation of uncoated
 vesicles with if anything a decrease in cisternal number.

>sen5 in abstract number 99
 These results are
 the first evidence for a Rab6-dependent protein machine affecting
 Golgi-proximal, coated vesicle accumulation and probably transport at the
 trans-Golgi and the first example of concomitant cisternal proliferation and
 increased Golgi stack organization under inhibited transport conditions

>sen1 in abstract number 100
Here we report on the generation and in vivo analysis of a
 series of loss-of-function mutants for the Drosophila ArfGEF, Gartenzwerg.

>sen2 in abstract number 100

 The Drosophila gene gartenzwerg (garz) encodes the orthologue of mammalian
 GBF1. garz is expressed ubiquitously in embryos with substantially higher
 abundance in cells forming diverse tubular structures such as salivary
 glands, trachea, proventriculus or hindgut.

>sen3 in abstract number 100
 In the absence of functional Garz
 protein, the integrity of the Golgi complex is impaired.

>sen4 in abstract number 100
 As a result, both
 vesicle transport of cargo proteins and directed apical membrane delivery are
 severely disrupted.

>sen5 in abstract number 100
 Dysfunction of the Arf1-COPI machinery caused by a loss
 of Garz leads to perturbations in establishing a polarized epithelial
 architecture of tubular organs.

>sen6 in abstract number 100
 Furthermore, insufficient apical transport of
 proteins and other membrane components causes incomplete luminal diameter
 expansion and deficiencies in extracellular matrix assembly.

>sen7 in abstract number 100
 The fact that
 homologues of Garz are present in every annotated metazoan genome indicates
 that secretion processes mediated by the GBF-type ArfGEFs play a universal
 role in animal development

>sen1 in abstract number 101
Rabs GTPases are key regulatory factors that specifically
 associate to organelles that integrate membrane transport pathways.

>sen2 in abstract number 101
 Rabs,
 through their interactions with diverse effector proteins, regulate the
 formation, movement, tethering and fusion of transport carriers (vesicles
 and/or tubules).

>sen3 in abstract number 101
 The mammalian Rab1b GTPase is required for ER to Golgi
 transport and interacts with multiple effectors localized at the ER-Golgi
 interface.

>sen4 in abstract number 101
 Here, we focus on interactions between Rab1b and effectors that
 play essential roles in COPII and COPI vesicle formation/function.

>sen5 in abstract number 101
 Based on
 evidence to date, we propose a model of Rab1b action at the ER exit sites

>sen1 in abstract number 102
The role of ArfGAP1 in COPI vesicle biogenesis has been
 controversial.

>sen2 in abstract number 102
 In work using isolated Golgi membranes, ArfGAP1 was found to
 promote COPI vesicle formation.

>sen3 in abstract number 102
 In contrast, in studies using large
 unilamellar vesicles (LUVs) as model membranes, ArfGAP1 functioned as an
 uncoating factor inhibiting COPI vesicle formation.

>sen4 in abstract number 102
 We set out to
 discriminate between these models.

>sen5 in abstract number 102
 First, we reexamined the effect of ArfGAP1
 on LUVs.

>sen6 in abstract number 102
 We found that ArfGAP1 increased the efficiency of coatomer-induced
 deformation of LUVs.

>sen7 in abstract number 102
 Second, ArfGAP1 and peptides from cargo facilitated
 self-assembly of coatomer into spherical structures in the absence of
 membranes, reminiscent of clathrin self-assembly.

>sen8 in abstract number 102
 Third, in vivo, ArfGAP1
 overexpression induced the accumulation of vesicles and allowed normal
 trafficking of a COPI cargo.

>sen9 in abstract number 102
 Taken together, these data support the model in
 which ArfGAP1 promotes COPI vesicle formation and membrane traffic and
 identify a function for ArfGAP1 in the assembly of coatomer into COPI

>sen1 in abstract number 103
Chlamydia spp. are obligate intracellular bacteria that
 replicate inside the host cell in a bacterial modified unique compartment
 called the inclusion.

>sen2 in abstract number 103
 As other intracellular pathogens, chlamydiae exploit
 host membrane trafficking pathways to prevent lysosomal fusion and to acquire
 energy and nutrients essential for their survival and replication.

>sen3 in abstract number 103
 The
 Conserved Oligomeric Golgi (COG) complex is a ubiquitously expressed
 membrane-associated protein complex that functions in a retrograde
 intra-Golgi trafficking through associations with coiled-coil tethers,
 SNAREs, Rabs and COPI proteins.

>sen4 in abstract number 103
 Several COG complex-interacting proteins,
 including Rab1, Rab6, Rab14 and Syntaxin 6 are implicated in chlamydial
 development.

>sen5 in abstract number 103
 In this study, we analysed the recruitment of the COG complex
 and GS15-positive COG complex-dependent vesicles to Chlamydia trachomatis
 inclusion and their participation in chlamydial growth.

>sen6 in abstract number 103
 Immunofluorescent
 analysis revealed that both GFP-tagged and endogenous COG complex subunits
 associated with inclusions in a serovar-independent manner by 8 h post
 infection and were maintained throughout the entire developmental cycle.

>sen7 in abstract number 103

 Golgi v-SNARE GS15 was associated with inclusions 24 h post infection, but
 was absent on the mid-cycle (8 h) inclusions, indicating that this Golgi
 SNARE is directed to inclusions after COG complex recruitment.

>sen8 in abstract number 103
 Silencing of
 COG8 and GS15 by siRNA significantly decreased infectious yield of
 chlamydiae.

>sen9 in abstract number 103
 Further, membranous structures likely derived from lysed bacteria
 were observed inside inclusions by electron microscopy in cells depleted of
 COG8 or GS15.

>sen10 in abstract number 103
 Our results showed that C. trachomatis hijacks the COG complex
 to redirect the population of Golgi-derived retrograde vesicles to
 inclusions.

>sen11 in abstract number 103
 These vesicles likely deliver nutrients that are required for
 bacterial development and replication

>sen1 in abstract number 104
The Golgi apparatus is the central sorting and biosynthesis hub
 of the secretory pathway, and uses vesicle transport for the recycling of its
 resident enzymes.

>sen2 in abstract number 104
 This system must operate with high fidelity and efficiency
 for the correct modification of secretory glycoconjugates.

>sen3 in abstract number 104
 In this review, we
 discuss recent advances on how coats, tethers, Rabs and SNAREs cooperate at
 the Golgi to achieve vesicle transport.

>sen4 in abstract number 104
 We cover the well understood vesicle
 formation process orchestrated by the COPI coat, and the comprehensively
 documented fusion process governed by a set of Golgi localised SNAREs.

>sen5 in abstract number 104
 Much
 less clear are the steps in-between formation and fusion of vesicles, and we
 therefore provide a much needed update of the latest findings about vesicle
 tethering.

>sen6 in abstract number 104
 The interplay between Rab GTPases, golgin family coiled-coil
 tethers and the conserved oligomeric Golgi (COG) complex at the Golgi are
 thoroughly evaluated

>sen1 in abstract number 105
Research on diphtheria and anthrax toxins over the past three
 decades has culminated in a detailed understanding of their structure
 function relationships (e.g., catalytic (C), transmembrane (T), and receptor
 binding (R) domains), as well as the identification of their eukaryotic cell
 surface receptor, an understanding of the molecular events leading to the
 receptor-mediated internalization of the toxin into an endosomal compartment,
 and the pH triggered conformational changes required for pore formation in
 the vesicle membrane.

>sen2 in abstract number 105
 Recently, a major research effort has been focused on
 the development of a detailed understanding of the molecular interactions
 between each of these toxins and eukaryotic cell factors that play an
 essential role in the efficient translocation of their respective catalytic
 domains through the trans-endosomal vesicle membrane pore and delivery into
 the cell cytosol.

>sen3 in abstract number 105
 In this review, I shall focus on recent findings that have
 led to a more detailed understanding of the mechanism by which the diphtheria
 toxin catalytic domain is delivered to the eukaryotic cell cytosol.

>sen4 in abstract number 105
 While
 much work remains, it is becoming increasingly clear that the entry process
 is facilitated by specific interactions with a number of cellular factors in
 an ordered sequential fashion.

>sen5 in abstract number 105
 In addition, since diphtheria, anthrax lethal
 factor and anthrax edema factor all carry multiple coatomer I complex binding
 motifs and COPI complex has been shown to play an essential role in entry
 process, it is likely that the initial steps in catalytic domain entry of
 these divergent toxins follow a common mechanism

>sen1 in abstract number 106
A number of signaling molecules are involved in the activation
 of the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway by G protein-coupled
 receptors.

>sen2 in abstract number 106
 In this study, we have demonstrated that alpha(2B)-adrenergic
 receptor (alpha(2B)-AR) interacts with ADP-ribosylation factor 1 (ARF1), a
 small GTPase involved in vesicle-mediated trafficking, in an agonist
 activation-dependent manner and that the interaction is mediated through a
 unique double Trp motif in the third intracellular loop of the receptor.

>sen3 in abstract number 106

 Interestingly, mutation of the double Trp motif and siRNA-mediated depletion
 of ARF1 attenuate alpha(2B)-AR-mediated activation of extracellular
 signal-regulated kinases 1/2 (ERK1/2) without altering receptor intracellular
 trafficking, whereas expression of the constitutively active mutant ARF1Q71L
 and ARNO, a GDP-GTP exchange factor of ARF1, markedly enhances the activation
 of Raf1, MEK1, and ERK1/2.

>sen4 in abstract number 106
 These data strongly demonstrate that the small
 GTPase ARF1 modulates ERK1/2 activation by alpha(2B)-AR and provide the first
 evidence indicating a novel function for ARF1 in regulating the MAPK
 signaling pathway

>sen1 in abstract number 107
Protein traffic is necessary to maintain homeostasis in all
 eukaryotic organisms.

>sen2 in abstract number 107
 All newly synthesized secretory proteins destined to
 the secretory and endolysosmal systems are transported from the endoplasmic
 reticulum to the Golgi before delivery to their final destinations.

>sen3 in abstract number 107
 Here, we
 describe the COPII and COPI coating machineries that generate carrier
 vesicles and the tethers and SNAREs that mediate COPII and COPI vesicle
 fusion at the ER-Golgi interface

>sen1 in abstract number 108
ARF1 (ADP-ribosylation factor 1) and SAR1 (secretion-associated
 RAS super family) are involved in the formation and budding of vesicles
 throughout plant endomembrane systems.

>sen2 in abstract number 108
 The molecular mechanisms of this
 transport have been studied extensively in mammalian and yeast cells.

>sen3 in abstract number 108

 However, very little is known about the mechanisms of coat protein complex
 (COP) formation and recruitment of COP-vesicle cargoes in plants.

>sen4 in abstract number 108
 To provide
 insights into vesicular trafficking in Pisum sativum L., we investigated mRNA
 and protein expression patterns of ARF1 and SAR1 in roots and shoots at early
 growth stages and in the de-etiolation process.

>sen5 in abstract number 108
 We showed that ARF1 was
 concentrated mostly in the crude Golgi fractions, and SAR1 was concentrated
 predominantly in the crude ER fractions of de-etiolated shoots.

>sen6 in abstract number 108
 ARF1 and SAR1
 proteins were several times more abundant in shoots relative to roots.

>sen7 in abstract number 108
 In
 total protein homogenates, the expression level of SAR1 and ARF1 was higher
 in shoots of dark-grown pea plants than light-grown plants.

>sen8 in abstract number 108
 In contrast, ARF1
 was higher in roots of light-grown pea relative to roots of dark-grown pea.

>sen9 in abstract number 108

 With ageing, the ARF1 mRNA in roots was reduced, while SAR1 expression
 increased.

>sen10 in abstract number 108
 Unlike ARF1 transcripts, ARF1 protein levels did not fluctuate
 significantly in root and shoot tissue during early development.

>sen11 in abstract number 108
 The relative
 abundance of SAR1 protein in root tissues may suggest a high level of
 vesicular transport from the ER to the Golgi.

>sen12 in abstract number 108
 Experimental results suggested
 that white light probably affects the regulation of ARF1 and SAR1 protein
 levels.

>sen13 in abstract number 108
 On the other hand, short-term white light affects SAR1 but not ARF1

>sen1 in abstract number 109
The role of ArfGAP1 as a terminator or effector in COPi-vesicle
 formation has been the subject of ongoing discussions.

>sen2 in abstract number 109
 Here, the discussion
 on the putative terminator/effector functions has been enlarged to include
 Arf GAP members involved in the formation of clathrin-coated vesicles.

>sen3 in abstract number 109
 ACAP1,
 whose role has been studied extensively, enhances the recycling of
 endocytosed proteins to the plasma membrane.

>sen4 in abstract number 109
 Importantly, this positive role
 appears to be an overall reflection of both the terminator and effector
 activities attributed to ACAP1.

>sen5 in abstract number 109
 Other Arf GAP subtypes have also been
 suggested to possess both terminator and effector activities.

>sen6 in abstract number 109
 Interestingly,
 while most Arf GAP proteins regulate membrane trafficking by acting as
 facilitators, a few Arf GAP subtypes act as inhibitors

>sen1 in abstract number 110
Formation of coated vesicles requires two striking manipulations
 of the lipid bilayer.

>sen2 in abstract number 110
 First, membrane curvature is induced to drive bud
 formation.

>sen3 in abstract number 110
 Second, a scission reaction at the bud neck releases the vesicle.

>sen4 in abstract number 110

 Using a reconstituted system for COPI vesicle formation from purified
 components, we find that a dimerization-deficient Arf1 mutant, which does not
 display the ability to modulate membrane curvature in vitro or to drive
 formation of coated vesicles, is able to recruit coatomer to allow formation
 of COPI-coated buds but does not support scission.

>sen5 in abstract number 110
 Chemical cross-linking of
 this Arf1 mutant restores vesicle release.

>sen6 in abstract number 110
 These experiments show that
 initial curvature of the bud is defined primarily by coatomer, whereas the
 membrane curvature modulating activity of dimeric Arf1 is required for
 membrane scission

>sen1 in abstract number 111
Homozygous rats (ocd/ocd) of a mutant inbred strain, OCD
 (osteochondrodysplasia), show osteochondrodysplasia, systemic edema, cleft
 palate, protruding tongue, disproportionate dwarfism, and lethality
 immediately after birth.

>sen2 in abstract number 111
 Their epiphyses show decreased levels of
 glycosaminoglycans and weak staining for extracellular matrix proteins.

>sen3 in abstract number 111
 The
 epiphyseal chondrocytes have large vesicles and expanded endoplasmic
 reticulum and Golgi apparatus.

>sen4 in abstract number 111
 These phenotypic features are inherited in an
 autosomal recessive manner, and the ocd locus responsible for these
 phenotypes has been mapped close to D11Mgh3 on rat chromosome 11.

>sen5 in abstract number 111
 In the
 present study, we characterized the embryonic pathogenesis of ocd/ocd rats
 and identified the mutant gene.

>sen6 in abstract number 111
 Subcutaneous edema in the dorsal portion was
 found at embryonic day (E) 16.5, and the other anomalies described above were
 apparent after E18.5 in ocd/ocd.

>sen7 in abstract number 111
 Whole mount immunohistochemistry for Sox9
 revealed that mesenchymal condensation was delayed in limb bud in ocd/ocd,
 and skeletal preparation showed that the progression of whole-body
 chondrogenesis was delayed in ocd/ocd.

>sen8 in abstract number 111
 Histological and immunohistological
 analyses of the femur showed that cell proliferations of resting and
 proliferative zones of growth plate were significantly reduced in ocd/ocd
 embryos.

>sen9 in abstract number 111
 Fine linkage mapping localized the ocd locus within 84kb of
 positions 65,584-65,668kb containing a part of Golgb1 gene on chromosome 11.

>sen10 in abstract number 111

 Expression of Golgb1 mRNA was found in limb buds, somite derivatives and
 calvaria.

>sen11 in abstract number 111
 Sequence analysis identified a 10-bp insertion in exon 13 of the
 Golgb1 gene in ocd/ocd rats.

>sen12 in abstract number 111
 The Golgb1 gene encodes the COPI vesicle
 tethering factor, giantin.

>sen13 in abstract number 111
 This insertion mutation causes a frame shift, and
 introduces a premature termination codon at codon 1082, leading to truncation
 of the C-terminal two thirds of giantin.

>sen14 in abstract number 111
 By in-gel Western analysis using
 anti-giantin antibody that recognizes an epitope within 200 aa of the
 C-terminus, the expression of giantin was not detected in ocd/ocd embryos.

>sen15 in abstract number 111
 As
 the C-terminal region of giantin is required for localization to the Golgi
 apparatus, these results strongly suggested that giantin is functionally
 defective in ocd/ocd rats.

>sen16 in abstract number 111
 Therefore, we concluded that mutation of the
 Golgb1 gene is responsible for the phenotypic characteristics including
 osteochondrodysplasia of ocd/ocd, and that giantin plays a pivotal role in
 multiple aspects of chondrogenesis

>sen1 in abstract number 112
Newly synthesized proteins and lipids are transported in
 vesicular carriers along the secretory pathway.

>sen2 in abstract number 112
 Arfs (ADP-ribosylation
 factors), a family of highly conserved GTPases within the Ras superfamily,
 control recruitment of molecular coats to membranes, the initial step of
 coated vesicle biogenesis.

>sen3 in abstract number 112
 Arf1 and coatomer constitute the minimal cytosolic
 machinery leading to COPI vesicle formation from Golgi membranes.

>sen4 in abstract number 112
 Although
 some functional redundancies have been suggested, other Arf isoforms have
 been poorly analyzed in this context.

>sen5 in abstract number 112
 In this study, we found that Arf1,
 Arf4, and Arf5, but not Arf3 and Arf6, associate with COPI vesicles generated
 in vitro from Golgi membranes and purified cytosol.

>sen6 in abstract number 112
 Using recombinant
 myristoylated proteins, we show that Arf1, Arf4, and Arf5 each support COPI
 vesicle formation individually.

>sen7 in abstract number 112
 Unexpectedly, we found that Arf3 could also
 mediate vesicle biogenesis.

>sen8 in abstract number 112
 However, Arf3 was excluded from the vesicle
 fraction in the presence of the other isoforms, highlighting a functional
 competition between the different Arf members

>sen1 in abstract number 113
The Golgi serves as a hub for intracellular membrane traffic in
 the eukaryotic cell.

>sen2 in abstract number 113
 Transport within the early secretory pathway, that is
 within the Golgi and from the Golgi to the endoplasmic reticulum, is mediated
 by COPI-coated vesicles.

>sen3 in abstract number 113
 The COPI coat shares structural features with the
 clathrin coat, but differs in the mechanisms of cargo sorting and vesicle
 formation.

>sen4 in abstract number 113
 The small GTPase Arf1 initiates coating on activation and recruits
 en bloc the stable heptameric protein complex coatomer that resembles the
 inner and the outer shells of clathrin-coated vesicles.

>sen5 in abstract number 113
 Different binding
 sites exist in coatomer for membrane machinery and for the sorting of various
 classes of cargo proteins.

>sen6 in abstract number 113
 During the budding of a COPI vesicle, lipids are
 sorted to give a liquid-disordered phase composition.

>sen7 in abstract number 113
 For the release of a
 COPI-coated vesicle, coatomer and Arf cooperate to mediate membrane
 separation

>sen1 in abstract number 114
The TRAPP complexes are multimeric guanine exchange factors
 (GEFs) for the Rab GTPase Ypt1p.

>sen2 in abstract number 114
 The three complexes (TRAPPI, TRAPPII, and
 TRAPPIII) share a core of common subunits required for GEF activity, as well
 as unique subunits (Trs130p, Trs120p, Trs85p, and Trs65p) that redirect the
 GEF from the endoplasmic reticulum-Golgi pathway to different cellular
 locations where TRAPP mediates distinct membrane trafficking events.

>sen3 in abstract number 114
 Roles
 for three of the four unique TRAPP subunits have been described before;
 however, the role of the TRAPPII-specific subunit Trs65p has remained
 elusive.

>sen4 in abstract number 114
 Here we demonstrate that Trs65p directly binds to the C-terminus of
 the Arf1p exchange factor Gea2p and provide in vivo evidence that this
 interaction is physiologically relevant.

>sen5 in abstract number 114
 Gea2p and TRAPPII also bind to the
 yeast orthologue of the gamma subunit of the COPI coat complex (Sec21p), a
 known Arf1p effector.

>sen6 in abstract number 114
 These and previous findings reveal that TRAPPII is part
 of an Arf1p GEF-effector loop that appears to play a role in recruiting or
 stabilizing TRAPPII to membranes.

>sen7 in abstract number 114
 In support of this proposal, we show that
 TRAPPII is more soluble in an arf1Delta mutant

>sen1 in abstract number 115
Intracellular transport occurs through two general types of
 carrier, either vesicles or tubules.

>sen2 in abstract number 115
 Coat proteins act as the core machinery
 that initiates vesicle formation, but the counterpart that initiates tubule
 formation has been unclear.

>sen3 in abstract number 115
 Here, we find that the coat protein I (COPI)
 complex initially drives the formation of Golgi buds.

>sen4 in abstract number 115
 Subsequently, a set of
 opposing lipid enzymatic activities determines whether these buds become
 vesicles or tubules.

>sen5 in abstract number 115
 Lysophosphatidic acid acyltransferase-gamma (LPAATgamma)
 promotes COPI vesicle fission for retrograde vesicular transport.

>sen6 in abstract number 115
 In
 contrast, cytosolic phospholipase A2-alpha (cPLA2alpha) inhibits this fission
 event to induce COPI tubules, which act in anterograde intra-Golgi transport
 and Golgi ribbon formation.

>sen7 in abstract number 115
 These findings not only advance a molecular
 understanding of how COPI vesicle fission is achieved, but also provide
 insight into how COPI acts in intra-Golgi transport and reveal an unexpected
 mechanistic relationship between vesicular and tubular transport

>sen1 in abstract number 116
Studies from our group suggest that ArfGAP1 acts not only as an
 Arf regulator but also as an Arf effector, with both roles promoting COPI
 vesicle formation.

>sen2 in abstract number 116
 However, others have concluded differently, specifically
 that ArfGAP1 only acts as an Arf regulator, which involves inhibition of COPI
 vesicle formation by preventing components of the COPI complex from binding
 to target membrane.

>sen3 in abstract number 116
 Here, we propose plausible reconciling explanations for
 this apparent contradiction

>sen1 in abstract number 117
Blood feeding by vector mosquitoes provides the entry point for
 disease pathogens and presents an acute metabolic challenge that must be
 overcome to complete the gonotrophic cycle.

>sen2 in abstract number 117
 Based on recent data showing that
 coatomer protein I (COPI) vesicle transport is involved in cellular processes
 beyond Golgi-endoplasmic reticulum retrograde protein trafficking, we
 disrupted COPI functions in the Yellow Fever mosquito Aedes aegypti to
 interfere with blood meal digestion.

>sen3 in abstract number 117
 Surprisingly, we found that decreased
 expression of the gammaCOPI coatomer protein led to 89% mortality in
 blood-fed mosquitoes by 72 h postfeeding compared with 0% mortality in
 control dsRNA-injected blood-fed mosquitoes and 3% mortality in gammaCOPI
 dsRNA-injected sugar-fed mosquitoes.

>sen4 in abstract number 117
 Similar results were obtained using
 dsRNA directed against five other COPI coatomer subunits (alpha, beta, beta',
 delta, and zeta).

>sen5 in abstract number 117
 We also examined midgut tissues by EM, quantitated heme in
 fecal samples, and characterized feeding-induced protein expression in
 midgut, fat body, and ovary tissues of COPI-deficient mosquitoes.

>sen6 in abstract number 117
 We found
 that COPI defects disrupt epithelial cell membrane integrity, stimulate
 premature blood meal excretion, and block induced expression of several
 midgut protease genes.

>sen7 in abstract number 117
 To study the role of COPI transport in ovarian
 development, we injected gammaCOPI dsRNA after blood feeding and found that,
 although blood digestion was normal, follicles in these mosquitoes were
 significantly smaller by 48 h postinjection and lacked eggshell proteins.

>sen8 in abstract number 117

 Together, these data show that COPI functions are critical to mosquito blood
 digestion and egg maturation, a finding that could also apply to other
 blood-feeding arthropod vectors

>sen1 in abstract number 118
GTPase-activating proteins of ADP-ribosylation factors (ARFGAPs)
 play key cellular roles in vesicle production and trafficking, adhesion,
 migration, and development.

>sen2 in abstract number 118
 Dysfunctional regulation of ARFGAPs has been
 implicated in various diseases, including cancer, Alzheimer disease, and
 autism.

>sen3 in abstract number 118
 Unfortunately, there are few mechanistic details describing how
 ARFGAPs contribute to disease states.

>sen4 in abstract number 118
 In this regard, it would be extremely
 helpful to have a set of small molecules that selectively and directly
 modulate specific ARFGAPs as probes to dissect ARFGAP-regulated cell
 signaling under various conditions.

>sen5 in abstract number 118
 Currently, such probes are lacking, and
 their identification is hampered by the lack of a suitable high-throughput
 assay to monitor ARFGAP activity.

>sen6 in abstract number 118
 Here, the authors describe and validate a
 robust high-throughput assay using fluorescence polarization to monitor the
 ability of diverse ARFGAPs to enhance the capacity of ARF1 to hydrolyze
 guanosine triphosphate

>sen1 in abstract number 119
Retrograde vesicular transport from the Golgi to the ER requires
 the Dsl1 tethering complex, which consists of the three subunits Dsl1, Dsl3,
 and Tip20.

>sen2 in abstract number 119
 It forms a stable complex with the SNAREs Ufe1, Use1, and Sec20 to
 mediate fusion of COPI vesicles with the endoplasmic reticulum.

>sen3 in abstract number 119
 Here, we
 analyze molecular interactions between five SNAREs of the ER (Ufe1, Use1,
 Sec20, Sec22, and Ykt6) and the Dsl1 complex in vitro and in vivo.

>sen4 in abstract number 119
 Of the two
 R-SNAREs, Sec22 is preferred over Ykt6 in the Dsl-SNARE complex.

>sen5 in abstract number 119
 The NSF
 homolog Sec18 can displace Ykt6 but not Sec22, suggesting a regulatory
 function for Ykt6.

>sen6 in abstract number 119
 In addition, our data also reveal that subunits of the
 Dsl1 complex (Dsl1, Dsl3, and Tip20), as well as the SNAREs Ufe1 and Sec20,
 are ER-resident proteins that do not seem to move into COPII vesicles.

>sen7 in abstract number 119
 Our
 data support a model, in which a tethering complex is stabilized at the
 organelle membrane by binding to SNAREs, recognizes the incoming vesicle via
 its coat and then promotes its SNARE-mediated fusion

>sen1 in abstract number 120
The presence of multiple membrane-bound intracellular
 compartments is a major feature of eukaryotic cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 120
 Many of the proteins
 required for formation and maintenance of these compartments share an
 evolutionary history.

>sen3 in abstract number 120
 Here, we identify the SEA (Seh1-associated) protein
 complex in yeast that contains the nucleoporin Seh1 and Sec13, the latter
 subunit of both the nuclear pore complex and the COPII coating complex.

>sen4 in abstract number 120
 The
 SEA complex also contains Npr2 and Npr3 proteins (upstream regulators of
 TORC1 kinase) and four previously uncharacterized proteins (Sea1-Sea4).

>sen5 in abstract number 120

 Combined computational and biochemical approaches indicate that the SEA
 complex proteins possess structural characteristics similar to the membrane
 coating complexes COPI, COPII, the nuclear pore complex, and, in particular,
 the related Vps class C vesicle tethering complexes HOPS and CORVET.

>sen6 in abstract number 120
 The SEA
 complex dynamically associates with the vacuole in vivo.

>sen7 in abstract number 120
 Genetic assays
 indicate a role for the SEA complex in intracellular trafficking, amino acid
 biogenesis, and response to nitrogen starvation.

>sen8 in abstract number 120
 These data demonstrate that
 the SEA complex is an additional member of a family of membrane coating and
 vesicle tethering assemblies, extending the repertoire of
 protocoatomer-related complexes

>sen1 in abstract number 121
COPI (coat protein I)-coated vesicles are implicated in various
 transport steps within the early secretory pathway.

>sen2 in abstract number 121
 The major structural
 component of the COPI coat is the heptameric complex coatomer (CM).

>sen3 in abstract number 121
 Recently,
 four isoforms of CM were discovered that may help explain various transport
 steps in which the complex has been reported to be involved.

>sen4 in abstract number 121
 Biochemical
 studies of COPI vesicles currently use CM purified from animal tissue or
 cultured cells, a mixture of the isoforms, impeding functional and structural
 studies of individual complexes.

>sen5 in abstract number 121
 Here we report the cloning into single
 baculoviruses of all CM subunits including their isoforms and their
 combination for expression of heptameric CM isoforms in insect cells.

>sen6 in abstract number 121
 We show
 that all four isoforms of recombinant CM are fully functional in an in vitro
 COPI vesicle biogenesis assay.

>sen7 in abstract number 121
 These novel tools enable functional and
 structural studies on CM isoforms and their subcomplexes and allow studying
 mutants of CM

>sen1 in abstract number 122
Spinal muscular atrophy (SMA), an inherited disease of motor
 neuron dysfunction, results from insufficient levels of the survival motor
 neuron (SMN) protein.

>sen2 in abstract number 122
 Movement of the SMN protein as granules within cultured
 axons suggests that the pathogenesis of SMA may involve defects in neuronal
 transport, yet the nature of axon transport vesicles remains enigmatic.

>sen3 in abstract number 122
 Here
 we show that SMN directly binds to the alpha-subunit of the coat protein I
 (COPI) vesicle coat protein.

>sen4 in abstract number 122
 The alpha-COP protein co-immunoprecipitates with
 SMN, small nuclear ribonucleoprotein-associated assembly factors and
 beta-actin mRNA.

>sen5 in abstract number 122
 Although typically Golgi associated, in neuronal cells
 alpha-COP localizes to lamellipodia and growth cones and moves within the
 axon, with a subset of these granules traveling together with SMN.

>sen6 in abstract number 122
 Depletion
 of alpha-COP resulted in mislocalization of SMN and actin at the leading edge
 at the lamellipodia.

>sen7 in abstract number 122
 We propose that neurons utilize the Golgi-associated
 COPI vesicle to deliver cargoes necessary for motor neuron integrity and
 function

>sen1 in abstract number 123
It has been suggested that speciation on the basis of sexual
 selection is an important mechanism for the generation of new species for
 East African cichlids, where male body coloration is one of the major
 discriminatory factors used by females in mate choice.

>sen2 in abstract number 123
 To gain insight into
 the molecular basis of cichlid coloration, we studied the Lake Malawi cichlid
 Pseudotropheus saulosi, comparing transcription in the bright blue skin of
 males to the yellow skin of females.

>sen3 in abstract number 123
 Our cDNA microarray experiments
 identified 46 clones that exhibited expression differences between the two
 sexes, of which five were confirmed to be differentially expressed by
 relative quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR).

>sen4 in abstract number 123
 This gene list includes a
 representative from the endosomal-to-Golgi vesicle trafficking pathway,
 Coatomer protein complex, subunit zeta-1 (Copz-1), which is known to be a
 critical determinant of pigmentation in humans and zebrafish.

>sen5 in abstract number 123
 With the
 support of microscopic images of the skin of these specimens, we interpret
 the transcriptional differences between the blue males and yellow females.

>sen6 in abstract number 123

 Here, we provide insight into the putative functional diversification of
 genes involved in the coloration of cichlids and by extension, on the
 evolution of coloration in teleost fish

>sen1 in abstract number 124
The evolutionarily conserved target of rapamycin complex 1
 (TORC1) controls cell growth in response to nutrient availability and growth
 factors.

>sen2 in abstract number 124
 TORC1 signaling is hyperactive in cancer, and regulators of TORC1
 signaling may represent therapeutic targets for human diseases.

>sen3 in abstract number 124
 To identify
 novel regulators of TORC1 signaling, we performed a genome-scale RNA
 interference screen on microarrays of Drosophila melanogaster cells
 expressing human RPS6, a TORC1 effector whose phosphorylated form we detected
 by immunofluorescence.

>sen4 in abstract number 124
 Our screen revealed that the TORC1-S6K-RPS6 signaling
 axis is regulated by many subcellular components, including the Class I
 vesicle coat (COPI), the spliceosome, the proteasome, the nuclear pore, and
 the translation initiation machinery.

>sen5 in abstract number 124
 Using additional RNAi reagents, we
 confirmed 70 novel genes as significant on-target regulators of RPS6
 phosphorylation, and we characterized them with extensive secondary assays
 probing various arms of the TORC1 pathways, identifying functional
 relationships among those genes.

>sen6 in abstract number 124
 We conclude that cell-based microarrays are
 a useful platform for genome-scale and secondary screening in Drosophila,
 revealing regulators that may represent drug targets for cancers and other
 diseases of deregulated TORC1 signaling

>sen1 in abstract number 125
BACKGROUND: Certain residues within proteins are highly
 conserved across very distantly related organisms, yet their (presumably
 critical) structural or mechanistic roles are completely unknown.

>sen2 in abstract number 125
 To obtain
 clues regarding such residues within Arf and Arf-like (Arf/Arl)
 GTPases--which function as on/off switches regulating vesicle trafficking,
 phospholipid metabolism and cytoskeletal remodeling--I apply a new sampling
 procedure for comparative sequence analysis, termed multiple category
 Bayesian Partitioning with Pattern Selection (mcBPPS).

>sen3 in abstract number 125
 RESULTS: The mcBPPS
 sampler classified sequences within the entire P-loop GTPase class into
 multiple categories by identifying those evolutionarily-divergent residues
 most likely to be responsible for functional specialization.

>sen4 in abstract number 125
 Here I focus on
 categories of residues that most distinguish various Arf/Arl GTPases from
 other GTPases.

>sen5 in abstract number 125
 This identified residues whose specific roles have been
 previously proposed (and in some cases corroborated experimentally and that
 thus serve as positive controls), as well as several categories of
 co-conserved residues whose possible roles are first hinted at here.

>sen6 in abstract number 125
 For
 example, Arf/Arl/Sar GTPases are most distinguished from other GTPases by a
 conserved aspartate residue within the phosphate binding loop (P-loop) and by
 co-conserved residues nearby that, together, can form a network of
 salt-bridge and hydrogen bond interactions centered on the GTPase active
 site.

>sen7 in abstract number 125
 Residues corresponding to an N-[VI] motif that is conserved within
 Arf/Arl GTPases may play a role in the interswitch toggle characteristic of
 the Arf family, whereas other, co-conserved residues may modulate the
 flexibility of the guanine binding loop.

>sen8 in abstract number 125
 Arl8 GTPases conserve residues that
 strikingly diverge from those typically found in other Arf/Arl GTPases and
 that form structural interactions suggestive of a novel interswitch toggle
 mechanism.

>sen9 in abstract number 125
 CONCLUSIONS: This analysis suggests specific mutagenesis
 experiments to explore mechanisms underlying GTP hydrolysis, nucleotide
 exchange and interswitch toggling within Arf/Arl GTPases.

>sen10 in abstract number 125
 More generally, it
 illustrates how the mcBPPS sampler can complement traditional evolutionary
 analyses by providing an objective, quantitative and statistically rigorous
 way to explore protein functional-divergence in molecular detail.

>sen11 in abstract number 125
 Because the
 sampler classifies the input sequences at the same time, it can be used to
 generate subgroup profiles, in which functionally-divergent categories of
 residues are annotated automatically

>sen1 in abstract number 126
Coat proteins orchestrate membrane budding and molecular sorting
 during the formation of transport intermediates.

>sen2 in abstract number 126
 Coat protein complex I
 (COPI) vesicles shuttle between the Golgi apparatus and the endoplasmic
 reticulum and between Golgi stacks.

>sen3 in abstract number 126
 The formation of a COPI vesicle proceeds
 in four steps: coat self-assembly, membrane deformation into a bud, fission
 of the coated vesicle and final disassembly of the coat to ensure recycling
 of coat components.

>sen4 in abstract number 126
 Although some issues are still actively debated, the
 molecular mechanisms of COPI vesicle formation are now fairly well
 understood.

>sen5 in abstract number 126
 In this review, we argue that physical parameters are critical
 regulators of COPI vesicle formation.

>sen6 in abstract number 126
 We focus on recent real-time in vitro
 assays highlighting the role of membrane tension, membrane composition,
 membrane curvature and lipid packing in membrane remodelling and fission by
 the COPI coat

>sen1 in abstract number 127
BACKGROUND: The Nuclear Pore Complex (NPC) facilitates molecular
 trafficking between nucleus and cytoplasm and is an integral feature of the
 eukaryote cell.

>sen2 in abstract number 127
 It exhibits eight-fold rotational symmetry and is comprised
 of approximately 30 nucleoporins (Nups) in different stoichiometries.

>sen3 in abstract number 127
 Nups
 are broadly conserved between yeast, vertebrates and plants, but few have
 been identified among other major eukaryotic groups.

>sen4 in abstract number 127
 METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL
 FINDINGS: We screened for Nups across 60 eukaryote genomes and report that 19
 Nups (spanning all major protein subcomplexes) are found in all eukaryote
 supergroups represented in our study (Opisthokonts, Amoebozoa, Viridiplantae,
 Chromalveolates and Excavates).

>sen5 in abstract number 127
 Based on parsimony, between 23 and 26 of 31
 Nups can be placed in LECA.

>sen6 in abstract number 127
 Notably, they include central components of the
 anchoring system (Ndc1 and Gp210) indicating that the anchoring system did
 not evolve by convergence, as has previously been suggested.

>sen7 in abstract number 127
 These results
 significantly extend earlier results and, importantly, unambiguously place a
 fully-fledged NPC in LECA.

>sen8 in abstract number 127
 We also test the proposal that transmembrane Pom
 proteins in vertebrates and yeasts may account for their variant forms of
 mitosis (open mitoses in vertebrates, closed among yeasts).

>sen9 in abstract number 127
 The distribution
 of homologues of vertebrate Pom121 and yeast Pom152 is not consistent with
 this suggestion, but the distribution of fungal Pom34 fits a scenario wherein
 it was integral to the evolution of closed mitosis in ascomycetes.

>sen10 in abstract number 127
 We also
 report an updated screen for vesicle coating complexes, which share a common
 evolutionary origin with Nups, and can be traced back to LECA.

>sen11 in abstract number 127
 Surprisingly,
 we find only three supergroup-level differences (one gain and two losses)
 between the constituents of COPI, COPII and Clathrin complexes.

>sen12 in abstract number 127

 CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE: Our results indicate that all major protein
 subcomplexes in the Nuclear Pore Complex are traceable to the Last Eukaryotic
 Common Ancestor (LECA).

>sen13 in abstract number 127
 In contrast to previous screens, we demonstrate that
 our conclusions hold regardless of the position of the root of the eukaryote
 tree

>sen1 in abstract number 128
The coiled-coil Golgi membrane protein golgin-84 functions as a
 tethering factor for coat protein I (COPI) vesicles.

>sen2 in abstract number 128
 Protein interaction
 analyses have revealed that golgin-84 interacts with another tether, the
 conserved oligomeric Golgi (COG) complex, through its subunit Cog7.

>sen3 in abstract number 128

 Therefore, we explored the function of golgin-84 as the tether for COPI
 vesicles of intra-Golgi retrograde traffic.

>sen4 in abstract number 128
 First, glycosylic maturation of
 both plasma membrane (CD44) and lysosomal (lamp1) glycoproteins was distorted
 in golgin-84 knockdown (KD) cells.

>sen5 in abstract number 128
 The depletion of golgin-84 caused
 fragmentation of the Golgi with the mislocalization of Golgi resident
 proteins, resulting in the accumulation of vesicles carrying intra-Golgi
 soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptors
 (SNAREs) and cis-Golgi membrane protein GPP130.

>sen6 in abstract number 128
 Similar observations were
 obtained by diminution of the COG complex, suggesting a strong correlation
 between the two tethers.

>sen7 in abstract number 128
 Indeed, COG complex-dependent (CCD) vesicles that
 accumulate in Cog3 or Cog7 KD cells carried golgin-84.

>sen8 in abstract number 128
 Surprisingly, the
 interaction between golgin-84 and another candidate tethering partner CASP
 (CDP/cut alternatively spliced product) decreased in Cog3 KD cells.

>sen9 in abstract number 128
 These
 results indicate that golgin-84 on COPI vesicles interact with the COG
 complex before SNARE assembly, suggesting that the interaction of golgin-84
 with COG plays an important role in the tethering process of intra-Golgi
 retrograde vesicle traffic

>sen1 in abstract number 129
Coat protein complex I (COPI) vesicles play a central role in
 the recycling of proteins in the early secretory pathway and transport of
 proteins within the Golgi stack.

>sen2 in abstract number 129
 Vesicle formation is initiated by the
 exchange of GDP for GTP on ARF1 (ADP-ribosylation factor 1), which, in turn,
 recruits the coat protein coatomer to the membrane for selection of cargo and
 membrane deformation.

>sen3 in abstract number 129
 ARFGAP1 (ARF1 GTPase-activating protein 1) regulates
 the dynamic cycling of ARF1 on the membrane that results in both cargo
 concentration and uncoating for the generation of a fusion-competent vesicle.

>sen4 in abstract number 129

 Two human orthologues of the yeast ARFGAP Glo3p, termed ARFGAP2 and ARFGAP3,
 have been demonstrated to be present on COPI vesicles generated in vitro in
 the presence of guanosine 5'-3-O-(thio)triphosphate.

>sen5 in abstract number 129
 Here, we investigate the
 function of these two proteins in living cells and compare it with that of
 ARFGAP1.

>sen6 in abstract number 129
 We find that ARFGAP2 and ARFGAP3 follow the dynamic behavior of
 coatomer upon stimulation of vesicle budding in vivo more closely than does
 ARFGAP1.

>sen7 in abstract number 129
 Electron microscopy of ARFGAP2 and ARFGAP3 knockdowns indicated
 Golgi unstacking and cisternal shortening similarly to conditions where
 vesicle uncoating was blocked.

>sen8 in abstract number 129
 Furthermore, the knockdown of both ARFGAP2 and
 ARFGAP3 prevents proper assembly of the COPI coat lattice for which ARFGAP1
 does not seem to play a major role.

>sen9 in abstract number 129
 This suggests that ARFGAP2 and ARFGAP3
 are key components of the COPI coat lattice and are necessary for proper
 vesicle formation

>sen1 in abstract number 130
Arf GAPs (ADP-ribosylation factor GTPase-activating proteins)
 are essential components of Arf (ADP-ribosylation factor) signaling pathways.

>sen2 in abstract number 130

 Arf GAPs stimulate the hydrolysis of GTP to GDP to transition Arf from the
 active, GTP bound, state to the inactive, GDP bound, state.

>sen3 in abstract number 130
 Based on this
 activity, Arf GAPs were initially proposed to function primarily or
 exclusively as terminators of Arf signaling.

>sen4 in abstract number 130
 Further studies of Arf GAPs have
 revealed that they also function as effectors of Arf signaling in at least a
 few steps or processes in which Arfs are not directly involved.

>sen5 in abstract number 130
 In this
 review we discuss the non-canonical functions of Arf GAPs and address several
 key questions in the field, including: whether (1) Arf GAPs are terminators
 or effectors of Arf signaling, (2) Arf GAPs positively or negatively regulate
 COPI assembly, (3) Arf GAPs are involved in vesicle fission, and (4) Arf GAPs
 regulate vesicle uncoating

>sen1 in abstract number 131
ADP ribosylation factors (Arfs) are N-myristoylated GTP/GDP
 switch proteins that have key regulatory roles in vesicle transport in
 eukaryotic cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 131
 ARFs execute their roles by anchoring to membrane surfaces,
 where they interact with other proteins to initiate budding and maturation of
 transport vesicles.

>sen3 in abstract number 131
 However, existing structures of Arf*GTP are limited to
 nonmyristoylated and truncated forms with impaired membrane binding.

>sen4 in abstract number 131
 We
 report a high-resolution NMR structure for full-length myristoylated yeast
 (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) Arf1 in complex with a membrane mimic.

>sen5 in abstract number 131
 The
 two-domain structure, in which the myristoylated N-terminal helix is
 separated from the C-terminal domain by a flexible linker, suggests a level
 of adaptability in binding modes for the myriad of proteins with which Arf
 interacts and allows predictions of specific lipid binding sites on some of
 these proteins

>sen1 in abstract number 132
COPI-coated vesicles form at the Golgi apparatus from two
 cytosolic components, ARF G protein and coatomer, a heptameric complex that
 can polymerize into a cage to deform the membrane into a bud.

>sen2 in abstract number 132
 Although
 coatomer shares a common evolutionary origin with COPII and clathrin vesicle
 coat proteins, the architectural relationship among the three cages is
 unclear.

>sen3 in abstract number 132
 Strikingly, the alphabeta'-COP core of coatomer crystallizes as a
 triskelion in which three copies of a beta'-COP beta-propeller domain
 converge through their axial ends.

>sen4 in abstract number 132
 We infer that the trimer constitutes the
 vertex of the COPI cage.

>sen5 in abstract number 132
 Our model proposes that the COPI cage is
 intermediate in design between COPII and clathrin: COPI shares with clathrin
 an arrangement of three curved alpha-solenoid legs radiating from a common
 center, and COPI shares with COPII highly similar vertex interactions
 involving the axial ends of beta-propeller domains

>sen1 in abstract number 133
The molecular mechanisms underlying cytoskeleton-dependent Golgi
 positioning are poorly understood.

>sen2 in abstract number 133
 In mammalian cells, the Golgi apparatus is
 localized near the juxtanuclear centrosome via dynein-mediated motility along
 microtubules.

>sen3 in abstract number 133
 Previous studies implicate Cdc42 in regulating dynein-dependent
 motility.

>sen4 in abstract number 133
 Here we show that reduced expression of the Cdc42-specific
 GTPase-activating protein, ARHGAP21, inhibits the ability of dispersed Golgi
 membranes to reposition at the centrosome following nocodazole treatment and
 washout.

>sen5 in abstract number 133
 Cdc42 regulation of Golgi positioning appears to involve ARF1 and a
 binding interaction with the vesicle-coat protein coatomer.

>sen6 in abstract number 133
 We tested whether
 Cdc42 directly affects motility, as opposed to the formation of a trafficking
 intermediate, using a Golgi capture and motility assay in permeabilized
 cells.

>sen7 in abstract number 133
 Disrupting Cdc42 activation or the coatomer/Cdc42 binding interaction
 stimulated Golgi motility.

>sen8 in abstract number 133
 The coatomer/Cdc42-sensitive motility was blocked
 by the addition of an inhibitory dynein antibody.

>sen9 in abstract number 133
 Together, our results
 reveal that dynein and microtubule-dependent Golgi positioning is regulated
 by ARF1-, coatomer-, and ARHGAP21-dependent Cdc42 signaling

>sen1 in abstract number 134
Intracellular trafficking is critical for delivering molecules
 and organelles to their proper destinations to carry out normal cellular
 functions.

>sen2 in abstract number 134
 Disruption of intracellular trafficking has been implicated in the
 pathogenesis of various neurodegenerative disorders.

>sen3 in abstract number 134
 In addition, a number of
 genes involved in vesicle/organelle trafficking are also essential for
 pigmentation, and loss of those genes is often associated with mouse
 coat-color dilution and human hypopigmentary disorders.

>sen4 in abstract number 134
 Hence, we postulated
 that screening for mouse mutants with both neurological defects and
 coat-color dilution will help identify additional factors associated with
 intracellular trafficking in neuronal cells.

>sen5 in abstract number 134
 In this study, we characterized
 a mouse mutant with a unique N-ethyl-N-nitrosourea (ENU)-induced mutation,
 named nur17. nur17 mutant mice exhibit both coat-color dilution and ataxia
 due to Purkinje cell degeneration in the cerebellum.

>sen6 in abstract number 134
 By positional cloning,
 we identified that the nur17 mouse carries a T-to-C missense mutation in
 archain 1 (Arcn1) gene which encodes the delta subunit of the coat protein I
 (COPI) complex required for intracellular trafficking.

>sen7 in abstract number 134
 Consistent with this
 function, we found that intracellular trafficking is disrupted in nur17
 melanocytes.

>sen8 in abstract number 134
 Moreover, the nur17 mutation leads to common characteristics of
 neurodegenerative disorders such as abnormal protein accumulation, ER stress,
 and neurofibrillary tangles.

>sen9 in abstract number 134
 Our study documents for the first time the
 physiological consequences of the impairment of the ARCN1 function in the
 whole animal and demonstrates a direct association between ARCN1 and
 neurodegeneration

>sen1 in abstract number 135
The trafficking of proteins in the secretory pathway is mediated
 by vesicles.

>sen2 in abstract number 135
 Proteins of the p24 family are present on the membranes of
 secretory pathway organelles (ER, Golgi, COPI and COPII vesicles).

>sen3 in abstract number 135
 Evidence
 exists showing that p24 proteins play a role in the development of Alzheimer
 disease, making them an interesting research subject.

>sen4 in abstract number 135
 Their presence in the
 secretory pathway and their tissue-dependent expression levels suggest that
 p24 proteins are involved in secretion.

>sen5 in abstract number 135
 However, their molecular function is
 not clear.

>sen6 in abstract number 135
 Several potential functions have been proposed for p24 proteins:
 (1) that they function as receptors for selected cargo; (2) that they
 regulate vesicle biogenesis; (3) that they perform structural and
 morphogenetic functions in the secretory pathway; (4) that they are
 responsible for quality control of transported proteins.

>sen7 in abstract number 135
 In this article, we
 provide a critical review of the postulated functions of p24 proteins

>sen1 in abstract number 136
The RZZ complex recruits dynein to kinetochores.

>sen2 in abstract number 136
 We investigated
 structure, topology, and interactions of the RZZ subunits (ROD, ZWILCH, and
 ZW10) in vitro, in vivo, and in silico.

>sen3 in abstract number 136
 We identify neuroblastoma-amplified
 gene (NAG), a ZW10 binder, as a ROD homolog.

>sen4 in abstract number 136
 ROD and NAG contain an
 N-terminal beta propeller followed by an alpha solenoid, which is the
 architecture of certain nucleoporins and vesicle coat subunits, suggesting a
 distant evolutionary relationship.

>sen5 in abstract number 136
 ZW10 binding to ROD and NAG is mutually
 exclusive.

>sen6 in abstract number 136
 The resulting ZW10 complexes (RZZ and NRZ) respectively contain
 ZWILCH and RINT1 as additional subunits.

>sen7 in abstract number 136
 The X-ray structure of ZWILCH, the
 first for an RZZ subunit, reveals a novel fold distinct from RINT1's.

>sen8 in abstract number 136
 The
 evolutionarily conserved NRZ likely acts as a tethering complex for
 retrograde trafficking of COPI vesicles from the Golgi to the endoplasmic
 reticulum.

>sen9 in abstract number 136
 The RZZ, limited to metazoans, probably evolved from the NRZ,
 exploiting the dynein-binding capacity of ZW10 to direct dynein to
 kinetochores

>sen1 in abstract number 137
The mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) is a key cell growth
 regulator, which forms two distinct functional complexes (mTORC1 and mTORC2).
 mTORC1, which is directly inhibited by rapamycin, promotes cell growth by
 stimulating protein synthesis and inhibiting autophagy. mTORC1 is regulated
 by a wide range of extra- and intracellular signals, including growth
 factors, nutrients, and energy levels.

>sen2 in abstract number 137
 Precise regulation of mTORC1 is
 important for normal cellular physiology and development, and dysregulation
 of mTORC1 contributes to hypertrophy and tumorigenesis.

>sen3 in abstract number 137
 In this study, we
 screened Drosophila small GTPases for their function in TORC1 regulation and
 found that TORC1 activity is regulated by members of the Rab and Arf family
 GTPases, which are key regulators of intracellular vesicle trafficking.

>sen4 in abstract number 137
 In
 mammalian cells, uncontrolled activation of Rab5 and Arf1 strongly inhibit
 mTORC1 activity.

>sen5 in abstract number 137
 Interestingly, the effect of Rab5 and Arf1 on mTORC1 is
 specific to amino acid stimulation, whereas glucose-induced mTORC1 activation
 is not blocked by Rab5 or Arf1.

>sen6 in abstract number 137
 Similarly, active Rab5 selectively inhibits
 mTORC1 activation by Rag GTPases, which are involved in amino acid signaling,
 but does not inhibit the effect of Rheb, which directly binds and activates
 mTORC1.

>sen7 in abstract number 137
 Our data demonstrate a key role of Rab and Arf family small GTPases
 and intracellular trafficking in mTORC1 activation, particularly in response
 to amino acids

>sen1 in abstract number 138
Vesicle SNAREs (v-SNAREs) are included with high fidelity into
 each transport vesicle generated in the cell.

>sen2 in abstract number 138
 These SNAREs determine the fate
 of vesicles, as they are the key factors deciding with which compartment a
 particular vesicle will fuse.

>sen3 in abstract number 138
 The mechanism of high fidelity inclusion of
 SNAREs into transport vesicles is very difficult to study in vivo.

>sen4 in abstract number 138
 Therefore,
 we use in vitro assays aiming to recapitulate SNARE uptake into vesicles.

>sen5 in abstract number 138
 One
 of the key assays is a pull-down with SNARE tails fused to GST in the
 presence or absence of ArfGAPs and coat components such as the small GTPase
 Arf1 and coatomer.

>sen6 in abstract number 138
 This in vitro assay allowed us to show that the ArfGAPs
 Glo3 and Gcs1 can induce a conformational change in SNAREs.

>sen7 in abstract number 138
 Protease
 protection assays were used to confirm the conformational change and can also
 be used to address the question about the nature of the different
 conformations in SNARE proteins

>sen1 in abstract number 139
Insulin and contraction stimulate both cardiac glucose and
 long-chain fatty acid (LCFA) uptake via translocation of the substrate
 transporters GLUT4 and CD36, respectively, from intracellular compartments to
 the sarcolemma.

>sen2 in abstract number 139
 Little is known about the role of vesicular trafficking
 elements in insulin- and contraction-stimulated glucose and LCFA uptake in
 the heart, especially whether certain trafficking elements are specifically
 involved in GLUT4 versus CD36 translocation.

>sen3 in abstract number 139
 Therefore, we studied the role
 of coat proteins, actin- and microtubule-filaments and endosomal pH on
 glucose and LCFA uptake into primary cardiomyocytes under basal conditions
 and during stimulation with insulin or oligomycin (contraction-like
 AMP-activated protein kinase activator).

>sen4 in abstract number 139
 Inhibition of coat protein targeting
 to Golgi/endosomes decreased insulin/oligomycin-stimulated glucose
 (-42%/-51%) and LCFA (-39%/-68%) uptake.

>sen5 in abstract number 139
 Actin disruption decreased
 insulin/oligomycin-stimulated glucose uptake (-41%/-75%), while not affecting
 LCFA uptake.

>sen6 in abstract number 139
 Microtubule disruption did not affect substrate uptake under any
 condition.

>sen7 in abstract number 139
 Endosomal alkalinization increased basal sarcolemmal CD36
 (2-fold), but not GLUT4, content, and concomitantly decreased basal
 intracellular membrane GLUT4 and CD36 content (-60% and -62%, respectively),
 indicating successful CD36 translocation and incomplete GLUT4 translocation.

>sen8 in abstract number 139

 Additionally, endosomal alkalinization elevated basal LCFA uptake (1.4-fold)
 in a nonadditive manner to insulin/oligomycin, and decreased
 insulin/oligomycin-stimulated glucose uptake (-32%/-68%).

>sen9 in abstract number 139
 In conclusion, 1)
 CD36 translocation, just like GLUT4 translocation, is a vesicle-mediated
 process depending on coat proteins, and 2) GLUT4 and CD36 trafficking are
 differentially dependent on endosomal pH and actin filaments.

>sen10 in abstract number 139
 The latter
 conclusion suggests novel strategies to alter cardiac substrate preference as
 part of metabolic modulation therapy

>sen1 in abstract number 140
TREK1 belongs to a family of two-pore-domain K(+) (K(2P))
 channels and produce background currents that regulate cell excitability.

>sen2 in abstract number 140
 In
 the present study, we identified a vesicle transport protein, beta-COP, as an
 interacting partner by yeast two-hybrid screening of a human brain cDNA
 library with N-terminal region of TREK1 (TREK1-N) as bait.

>sen3 in abstract number 140
 Several in vitro
 and in vivo binding assays confirmed the protein-protein interaction between
 TREK1 and beta-COP.

>sen4 in abstract number 140
 We also found that beta-COP was associated with TREK1 in
 native condition at the PC3 cells.

>sen5 in abstract number 140
 When RFP-beta-COP was co-transfected with
 GFP-TREK1 into COS-7 cells, both proteins were found localized to the plasma
 membrane.

>sen6 in abstract number 140
 In addition, the channel activity and surface expression of
 GFP-TREK1 increased dramatically by co-transfection with RFP-beta-COP.

>sen7 in abstract number 140

 Surface expression of the TREK1 channel was also clearly reduced with the
 addition of beta-COP-specific shRNA.

>sen8 in abstract number 140
 Collectively, these data suggest that
 beta-COP plays a critical role in the forward transport of TREK1 channel to
 the plasma membrane

>sen1 in abstract number 141
Secretory protein trafficking is arrested and the Golgi
 apparatus fragmented when mammalian cells enter mitosis.

>sen2 in abstract number 141
 These changes are
 thought to facilitate cell-cycle progression and Golgi inheritance, and are
 brought about through the actions of mitotically active protein kinases.

>sen3 in abstract number 141
 To
 better understand how the Golgi apparatus undergoes mitotic fragmentation we
 have sought to identify novel Golgi targets for mitotic kinases.

>sen4 in abstract number 141
 We report in
 the present paper the identification of the ARF (ADP-ribosylation factor)
 exchange factor GBF1 (Golgi-specific brefeldin A-resistant guanine
 nucleotide-exchange factor 1) as a Golgi phosphoprotein.

>sen5 in abstract number 141
 GBF1 is
 phosphorylated by CDK1 (cyclin-dependent kinase 1)-cyclin B in mitosis, which
 results in its dissociation from Golgi membranes.

>sen6 in abstract number 141
 Consistent with a reduced
 level of GBF1 activity at the Golgi membrane there is a reduction in levels
 of membrane-associated GTP-bound ARF in mitotic cells.

>sen7 in abstract number 141
 Despite the reduced
 levels of membrane-bound GBF1 and ARF, COPI (coat protein I) binding to the
 Golgi membrane appears unaffected in mitotic cells.

>sen8 in abstract number 141
 Surprisingly, this pool
 of COPI is dependent upon GBF1 for its recruitment to the membrane,
 suggesting that a low level of GBF1 activity persists in mitosis.

>sen9 in abstract number 141
 We propose
 that the phosphorylation and membrane dissociation of GBF1 and the consequent
 reduction in ARF-GTP levels in mitosis are important for changes in Golgi
 dynamics and possibly other mitotic events mediated through effectors other
 than the COPI vesicle coat

>sen1 in abstract number 142
Vesicle trafficking requires membrane fusion, mediated by SNARE
 proteins, and upstream events that probably include ""tethering,"" an initial
 long-range attachment between a vesicle and its target organelle.

>sen2 in abstract number 142
 Among the
 factors proposed to mediate tethering are a set of multisubunit tethering
 complexes (MTCs).

>sen3 in abstract number 142
 The Dsl1 complex, with only three subunits, is the simplest
 known MTC and is essential for the retrograde traffic of COPI-coated vesicles
 from the Golgi to the ER.

>sen4 in abstract number 142
 To elucidate structural principles underlying MTC
 function, we have determined the structure of the Dsl1 complex, revealing a
 tower containing at its base the binding sites for two ER SNAREs and at its
 tip a flexible lasso for capturing vesicles.

>sen5 in abstract number 142
 The Dsl1 complex binds to
 individual SNAREs via their N-terminal regulatory domains and also to
 assembled SNARE complexes; moreover, it is capable of accelerating SNARE
 complex assembly.

>sen6 in abstract number 142
 Our results suggest that even the simplest MTC may be
 capable of orchestrating vesicle capture, uncoating, and fusion

>sen1 in abstract number 143
ArfGAP1, which promotes GTP hydrolysis on the small G protein
 Arf1 on Golgi membranes, interacts preferentially with positively curved
 membranes through its amphipathic lipid packing sensor (ALPS) motifs.

>sen2 in abstract number 143
 This
 should influence the distribution of Arf1-GTP when flat and curved regions
 coexist on a continuous membrane, notably during COPI vesicle budding.

>sen3 in abstract number 143
 To
 test this, we pulled tubes from giant vesicles using molecular motors or
 optical tweezers.

>sen4 in abstract number 143
 Arf1-GTP distributed on the giant vesicles and on the
 tubes, whereas ArfGAP1 bound exclusively to the tubes.

>sen5 in abstract number 143
 Decreasing the tube
 radius revealed a threshold of R approximately 35 nm for the binding of
 ArfGAP1 ALPS motifs.

>sen6 in abstract number 143
 Mixing catalytic amounts of ArfGAP1 with Arf1-GTP
 induced a smooth Arf1 gradient along the tube.

>sen7 in abstract number 143
 This reflects that Arf1
 molecules leaving the tube on GTP hydrolysis are replaced by new Arf1-GTP
 molecules diffusing from the giant vesicle.

>sen8 in abstract number 143
 The characteristic length of the
 gradient is two orders of magnitude larger than a COPI bud, suggesting that
 Arf1-GTP diffusion can readily compensate for the localized loss of Arf1
 during budding and contribute to the stability of the coat until fission

>sen1 in abstract number 144
When glucose is added to yeast cells that are starved for 3
 days, fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase (FBPase) and malate dehydrogenase 2 are
 degraded in the vacuole via the vacuole import and degradation (Vid) pathway.

>sen2 in abstract number 144

 In this study, we examined the distribution of FBPase at the ultrastructural
 level.

>sen3 in abstract number 144
 FBPase was observed in areas close to the plasma membrane and in
 cytoplasmic structures that are heterogeneous in size and density.

>sen4 in abstract number 144
 We have
 isolated these intracellular structures that contain FBPase, the Vid vesicle
 marker Vid24p, and the endosomal marker Pep12p.

>sen5 in abstract number 144
 They appeared irregular in
 size and shape.

>sen6 in abstract number 144
 In yeast, actin polymerization plays an important role in
 early steps of endocytosis.

>sen7 in abstract number 144
 Mutants that affect actin polymerization
 inhibited FBPase degradation, suggesting that actin polymerization is
 important for FBPase degradation.

>sen8 in abstract number 144
 Both FBPase and malate dehydrogenase 2 were
 associated with actin patches.

>sen9 in abstract number 144
 Vid vesicle proteins such as Vid24p or Sec28p
 were also at actin patches, although they dissociated from these structures
 at later time points.

>sen10 in abstract number 144
 We propose that Vid24p and Sec28p are present at actin
 patches during glucose starvation.

>sen11 in abstract number 144
 Cargo proteins arrive at these sites
 following the addition of glucose, and the endocytic vesicles then pinch off
 from the plasma membrane.

>sen12 in abstract number 144
 Following the fusion of endosomes with the vacuole,
 cargo proteins are then degraded in the vacuole

>sen1 in abstract number 145
The genome of the severe acute respiratory syndrome-associated
 coronavirus (SARS-CoV) contains eight open reading frames (ORFs) that encode
 novel proteins.

>sen2 in abstract number 145
 These accessory proteins are dispensable for in vitro and in
 vivo replication and thus may be important for other aspects of virus-host
 interactions.

>sen3 in abstract number 145
 We investigated the functions of the largest of the accessory
 proteins, the ORF 3a protein, using a 3a-deficient strain of SARS-CoV.

>sen4 in abstract number 145
 Cell
 death of Vero cells after infection with SARS-CoV was reduced upon deletion
 of ORF 3a.

>sen5 in abstract number 145
 Electron microscopy of infected cells revealed a role for ORF 3a
 in SARS-CoV induced vesicle formation, a prominent feature of cells from SARS
 patients.

>sen6 in abstract number 145
 In addition, we report that ORF 3a is both necessary and sufficient
 for SARS-CoV-induced Golgi fragmentation and that the 3a protein accumulates
 and localizes to vesicles containing markers for late endosomes.

>sen7 in abstract number 145
 Finally,
 overexpression of ADP-ribosylation factor 1 (Arf1), a small GTPase essential
 for the maintenance of the Golgi apparatus, restored Golgi morphology during
 infection.

>sen8 in abstract number 145
 These results establish an important role for ORF 3a in
 SARS-CoV-induced cell death, Golgi fragmentation, and the accumulation of
 intracellular vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 146
Coat Protein I (COPI) is one of the most intensely investigated
 coat complexes.

>sen2 in abstract number 146
 Numerous studies have contributed to a general understanding
 of how coat proteins act to initiate intracellular vesicular transport.

>sen3 in abstract number 146
 This
 review highlights key recent findings that have shaped our current
 understanding of how COPI vesicles are formed

>sen1 in abstract number 147
In protein trafficking, transport vesicles bud from donor
 compartments and carry cargo proteins to target compartments with which they
 fuse.

>sen2 in abstract number 147
 Thus, vesicle formation is an essential step in protein trafficking.

>sen3 in abstract number 147
 As
 for mammals, plant cells contain the three major types of vesicles: COPI,
 COPII, and CCV and the major molecular players in vesicle-mediated protein
 transport are also present.

>sen4 in abstract number 147
 However, plant cells generally contain more
 isoforms of the coat proteins, ARF GTPases and their regulatory proteins, as
 well as SNAREs.

>sen5 in abstract number 147
 In addition, plants have established some unique subfamilies,
 which may reflect plant cell-specific conditions such as the absence of an
 ER-Golgi intermediate compartment and the combined activities of the TGN and
 early endosome.

>sen6 in abstract number 147
 Thus, even though we are still at an early stage in
 understanding the physiological function of these proteins, it is already
 clear that vesicle-mediated protein transport in plant cells displays both
 similarities as well as differences in animal cells

>sen1 in abstract number 148
The yeast Dsl1p vesicle tethering complex, comprising the three
 subunits Dsl1p, Dsl3p, and Tip20p, is stably associated with three
 endoplasmic reticulum-localized Q-SNAREs and is believed to play a central
 role in the tethering and fusion of Golgi-derived COP-I transport vesicles.

>sen2 in abstract number 148

 Dsl1p also interacts directly with COP-I subunits.

>sen3 in abstract number 148
 We now show that binding
 of Dsl1p to COP-I subunits involves binding sites identical to those involved
 in interactions between COP-I subunits that stabilize the COP-I coat.

>sen4 in abstract number 148
 Cells
 with defects in Dsl/SNARE complex function show massive accumulation of
 COP-I-coated vesicles in a cluster to which COP-II coat proteins are also
 recruited.

>sen5 in abstract number 148
 Our results suggest that binding of Dsl/SNARE complex to the COP-I
 coat complex serves two functions: to mediate vesicle tethering and to assist
 the uncoating process by blocking domains in COP-I that drive
 repolymerization and the formation of large COP-I aggregates

>sen1 in abstract number 149
Coated vesicles concentrate and package cargo molecules to
 mediate their efficient transport between intracellular compartments.

>sen2 in abstract number 149

 Cytosolic coat proteins such as clathrin and adaptor complexes and coat
 protein complex I (COPI) and COPII self-assemble to deform the membrane and
 interact directly with cargo molecules to capture them in nascent buds.

>sen3 in abstract number 149
 The
 guanosine triphosphatases (GTPases) Arf, Sar1, and dynamin are core
 components of the coated vesicle machinery.

>sen4 in abstract number 149
 These GTPases, which associate
 with and dissociate from donor membranes in a guanosine
 triphosphate-dependent manner, can also actively remodel membranes.

>sen5 in abstract number 149
 Recent
 evidence suggests that, although structurally diverse, Arf family GTPases and
 dynamin may play mechanistically similar roles as fidelity monitors that
 govern cargo packaging and coated vesicle maturation and as components of the
 fission machinery to mediate vesicle release

>sen1 in abstract number 150
Toxin trafficking studies provide valuable information about
 endogenous pathways of intracellular transport.

>sen2 in abstract number 150
 Subtilase cytotoxin (SubAB)
 is transported in a retrograde manner through the endosome to the Golgi and
 then to the endoplasmic reticulum (ER), where it specifically cleaves the ER
 chaperone BiP/GRP78 (Binding immunoglobin protein/Glucose-Regulated Protein
 of 78 kDa).

>sen3 in abstract number 150
 To identify the SubAB Golgi trafficking route, we have used
 siRNA-mediated silencing and immunofluorescence microscopy in HeLa and Vero
 cells.

>sen4 in abstract number 150
 Knockdown (KD) of subunits of the conserved oligomeric Golgi (COG)
 complex significantly delays SubAB cytotoxicity and blocks SubAB trafficking
 to the cis Golgi.

>sen5 in abstract number 150
 Depletion of Rab6 and beta-COP proteins causes a similar
 delay in SubAB-mediated GRP78 cleavage and did not augment the trafficking
 block observed in COG KD cells, indicating that all three Golgi factors
 operate on the same 'fast' retrograde trafficking pathway.

>sen6 in abstract number 150
 SubAB trafficking
 is completely blocked in cells deficient in the Golgi SNARE Syntaxin 5 and
 does not require the activity of endosomal sorting nexins SNX1 and SNX2.

>sen7 in abstract number 150

 Surprisingly, depletion of Golgi tethers p115 and golgin-84 that regulates
 two previously described coat protein I (COPI) vesicle-mediated pathways did
 not interfere with SubAB trafficking, indicating that SubAB is exploiting a
 novel COG/Rab6/COPI-dependent retrograde trafficking pathway

>sen1 in abstract number 151
Transport of membranes and proteins in eukaryotic cells is
 mediated by vesicular carriers.

>sen2 in abstract number 151
 Here we review the biogenesis and functions
 of COPI vesicles, carriers that operate in the early secretory pathway.

>sen3 in abstract number 151
 We
 focus on mechanisms mediating coat recruitment, uptake of cargo, vesicle
 budding and fission, and finally dissociation of the coat.

>sen4 in abstract number 151
 In this context,
 recent findings on the interplay between machinery and auxiliary proteins in
 COPI vesicle formation and function will be discussed.

>sen5 in abstract number 151
 Specifically, we will
 weigh the pros and cons of recent data on roles of the small GTP binding
 protein Arf1, of Arf1GAPs, and lipids during COPI carrier formation

>sen1 in abstract number 152
The ArfGAP Glo3 is required for coat protein I vesicle
 generation in the Golgi-endoplasmic reticulum (ER) shuttle.

>sen2 in abstract number 152
 The
 best-understood role of Glo3 is the stimulation of the GTPase activity of
 Arf1.

>sen3 in abstract number 152
 In this study, we characterized functional domains of the ArfGAP Glo3
 and identified an interaction interface for coatomer, SNAREs and cargo in the
 central region of Glo3 (BoCCS region).

>sen4 in abstract number 152
 The GAP domain together with the BoCCS
 region is necessary and sufficient for all vital Glo3 functions.

>sen5 in abstract number 152
 Expression
 of a truncated Glo3 lacking the GAP domain results in a dominant negative
 growth phenotype in glo3Delta cells at 37 degrees C.

>sen6 in abstract number 152
 This phenotype was
 alleviated by mutating either the BoCCS region or the Glo3 regulatory motif
 (GRM), or by overexpression of ER-Golgi SNAREs or the ArfGAP Gcs1.

>sen7 in abstract number 152
 The GRM is
 not essential for Glo3 function; it may act as an intrinsic sensor coupling
 GAP activity to SNARE binding to avoid dead-end complex formation at the
 Golgi membrane.

>sen8 in abstract number 152
 Our data suggest that membrane-interaction modules and
 cargo-sensing regions have evolved independently in ArfGAP1s versus
 ArfGAP2/3s

>sen1 in abstract number 153
Human noroviruses (family Caliciviridae) are the leading cause
 of nonbacterial gastroenteritis worldwide.

>sen2 in abstract number 153
 Despite the prevalence of these
 viruses within the community, the study of human norovirus has largely been
 hindered due to the inability to cultivate the viruses ex vivo and the lack
 of a small-animal model.

>sen3 in abstract number 153
 In 2003, the discovery of a novel murine norovirus
 (MNV-1) and the identification of the tropism of MNV-1 for cells of a
 mononuclear origin led to the establishment of the first norovirus tissue
 culture system.

>sen4 in abstract number 153
 Like other positive-sense RNA viruses, MNV-1 replication is
 associated with host membranes, which undergo significant rearrangement
 during infection.

>sen5 in abstract number 153
 We characterize here the subcellular localization of the
 MNV-1 open reading frame 1 proteins and viral double-stranded RNA (dsRNA).

>sen6 in abstract number 153

 Over the course of infection, dsRNA and the MNV-1 RNA-dependent RNA
 polymerase (NS7) were observed to proliferate from punctate foci located in
 the perinuclear region.

>sen7 in abstract number 153
 All of the MNV-1 open reading frame 1 proteins were
 observed to colocalize with dsRNA during the course of infection.

>sen8 in abstract number 153
 The MNV-1
 replication complex was immunolocalized to virus-induced vesicle clusters
 formed in the cytoplasm of infected cells.

>sen9 in abstract number 153
 Both dsRNA and MNV-1 NS7 were
 observed to localize to the limiting membrane of the individual clusters by
 cryo-immunoelectron microscopy.

>sen10 in abstract number 153
 We show that the MNV-1 replication complex
 initially associates with membranes derived from the endoplasmic reticulum,
 trans-Golgi apparatus, and endosomes.

>sen11 in abstract number 153
 In addition, we show that MNV-1
 replication is insensitive to the fungal metabolite brefeldin A and
 consistently does not appear to recruit coatomer protein complex I (COPI) or
 COPII component proteins during replication.

>sen12 in abstract number 153
 These data provide preliminary
 insights into key aspects of replication of MNV-1, which will potentially
 further our understanding of the pathogenesis of noroviruses and aid in the
 identification of potential targets for drug development

>sen1 in abstract number 154
The secretory pathway is of vital importance for eukaryotic
 cells and has a pivotal role in the synthesis, sorting, processing and
 secretion of a large variety of bioactive molecules involved in intercellular
 communication.

>sen2 in abstract number 154
 One of the key processes in the secretory pathway concerns the
 transport of cargo proteins from the ER (endoplasmic reticulum) to the Golgi.

>sen3 in abstract number 154

 Type-I transmembrane proteins of approximately 24 kDa are abundantly present
 in the membranes of the early secretory pathway, and bind the COPI and COPII
 coat complexes that cover vesicles travelling between the membranes.

>sen4 in abstract number 154
 These
 p24 proteins are thought to play an important role in the selective transport
 processes at the ER-Golgi interface, although their exact functioning is
 still obscure.

>sen5 in abstract number 154
 One model proposes that p24 proteins couple cargo selection in
 the lumen with vesicle coat recruitment in the cytosol.

>sen6 in abstract number 154
 Alternatively, p24
 proteins may furnish subcompartments of the secretory pathway with the
 correct subsets of machinery proteins.

>sen7 in abstract number 154
 Here we review the current knowledge
 of the p24 proteins and the various roles proposed for the p24 family members

>sen1 in abstract number 155
COPI vesicles are a class of transport carriers that function in
 the early secretory pathway.

>sen2 in abstract number 155
 Their fate and function are still controversial.

>sen3 in abstract number 155

 This includes their contribution to bidirectional transport within the Golgi
 apparatus and their role during cell division.

>sen4 in abstract number 155
 Here we describe a method that
 should address several open questions about the fate and function of COPI
 vesicles in vivo.

>sen5 in abstract number 155
 To this end, fluorescently labeled COPI vesicles were
 generated in vitro from isolated rat liver Golgi membranes, labeled with the
 fluorescent dyes Alexa-488 or Alexa-568.

>sen6 in abstract number 155
 These vesicles appeared to be active
 and colocalized with endogenous Golgi membranes within 30 min after
 microinjection into mammalian cells.

>sen7 in abstract number 155
 The COPI vesicle-derived labeled
 membrane proteins could be classified into two types that behaved like
 endogenous proteins after Brefeldin A treatment

>sen1 in abstract number 156
The early endosomes constitute a major sorting platform in
 eukaryotic cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 156
 They receive material through fusion with endocytotic
 vesicles or with trafficking vesicles from the Golgi complex and later sort
 it into budding vesicles.

>sen3 in abstract number 156
 While endosomal fusion is well understood, sorting
 is less characterized; the 2 processes are generally thought to be effected
 by different, unrelated machineries.

>sen4 in abstract number 156
 We developed here a cell-free assay for
 sorting/budding from early endosomes, by taking advantage of their ability to
 segregate different cargoes (such as transferrin, cholera toxin subunit B,
 and low-density lipoprotein, LDL) into different carrier vesicles.

>sen5 in abstract number 156
 Cargo
 separation required both carrier vesicle formation and active maturation of
 the endosomes.

>sen6 in abstract number 156
 Sorting and budding were insensitive to reagents perturbing
 clathrin coats, coatomer protein complex-I (COPI) coats, dynamin, and actin,
 but were inhibited by anti-retromer subunit antibodies.

>sen7 in abstract number 156
 In addition, the
 process required Rab-GTPases, phosphatidylinositol-3-phosphate, and,
 surprisingly, the docking factor early endosomal autoantigen 1 (EEA1).

>sen8 in abstract number 156

 Sorting also required the function of the N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor
 (NSF), a well-known fusion cofactor, while it did not depend on preceding
 fusion of endosomes.

>sen9 in abstract number 156
 We conclude that fusion, docking, and sorting/budding
 are interconnected at the molecular level

>sen1 in abstract number 157
The p24 family is thought to be somehow involved in endoplasmic
 reticulum-to-Golgi protein transport, and its members are major constituents
 of transport vesicles and bind to the vesicle coat protein complexes COPI and
 COPII.

>sen2 in abstract number 157
 A subset of the p24 proteins (p24alpha(3), -beta(1), -gamma(3) and
 -delta(2)) is upregulated when Xenopus laevis intermediate pituitary
 melanotrope cells are physiologically activated to produce vast amounts of
 their major secretory cargo, the prohormone proopiomelanocortin (POMC).

>sen3 in abstract number 157
 To
 investigate the role of the COP-binding motifs of p24 proteins in POMC
 biosynthesis, we here generated and analysed Xenopus with stable, melanotrope
 cell-specific transgene expression of p24delta(2)-GFP mutated in its COPI- or
 COPII-binding motif.

>sen4 in abstract number 157
 In contrast to what has been found previously for
 wild-type (wt) p24delta(2)-GFP, the p24delta(2) mutations prevented the Golgi
 localisation of the transgene products and caused a reduced rate of POMC
 cleavage, but did not lead to a reduction of the endogenous p24 proteins nor
 to aberrations in POMC glycosylation and sulphation.

>sen5 in abstract number 157
 We conclude that
 p24delta(2) requires the presence of the COPI- and COPII-binding sites to
 allow proper POMC processing.

>sen6 in abstract number 157
 Thus, the p24 proteins fulfil their role in
 secretory protein biosynthesis via COPI- or COPII-coated transport vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 158
Transport in the ER-Golgi shuttle is performed by COPII in the
 anterograde and by COPI in the retrograde direction.

>sen2 in abstract number 158
 How these transport
 steps are regulated and which mechanisms act to balance the vesicle flow
 between the ER and the Golgi apparatus are the issues currently under
 investigation.

>sen3 in abstract number 158
 The elucidation of the structures of COPII components and
 tethers for COPI and COPII vesicles, together with detailed biochemical and
 cell biological analysis over the past few years greatly increased our
 knowledge on how vesicles are formed, not only at the ER and the Golgi but
 also at other organelles and the plasma membrane by analogy.

>sen4 in abstract number 158
 Moreover, recent
 work provided more than just a glimpse on the function of tethering proteins
 at arrival sites on the ER and the Golgi.

>sen5 in abstract number 158
 Most likely, organized exit and
 arrival sites exist at each vesicular transport step along the exocytic and
 endocytic routes

>sen1 in abstract number 159
Phospholipase D has long been implicated in vesicle formation
 and vesicular transport through the secretory pathway.

>sen2 in abstract number 159
 The Golgi apparatus
 has been shown to exhibit a plethora of mechanisms of vesicle formation at
 different stages to accommodate a wide variety of cargo.

>sen3 in abstract number 159
 Phospholipase D has
 been found on the Golgi apparatus and is regulated by ADP-ribosylation
 factors which are themselves regulators of vesicle trafficking.

>sen4 in abstract number 159
 Moreover, the
 product of phospholipase D activity, phosphatidic acid, as well as its
 degradation product diacylglycerol, have been implicated in vesicle fission
 and fusion events.

>sen5 in abstract number 159
 Here we summarize recent advances in the understanding of
 the role of phospholipase D at the Golgi apparatus

>sen1 in abstract number 160
Arf GAP2 is one of four Arf GAPs that function in the Golgi
 apparatus.

>sen2 in abstract number 160
 We characterized the kinetics of Arf GAP2 and its regulation.

>sen3 in abstract number 160

 Purified Arf GAP2 had little activity compared to purified Arf GAP1.

>sen4 in abstract number 160
 Of the
 potential regulators we examined, coatomer had the greatest effect,
 stimulating activity one to two orders of magnitude.

>sen5 in abstract number 160
 The effect was biphasic,
 with half-maximal activation observed at 50 nM coatomer and activation
 peaking at approximately 150 nM coatomer.

>sen6 in abstract number 160
 Activation by coatomer was greater
 for Arf GAP2 than has been reported for Arf GAP1.

>sen7 in abstract number 160
 The effects of
 phosphoinositides and changes in vesicle curvature on GAP activity were small
 compared to coatomer; however, both increased coatomer-dependent activity.

>sen8 in abstract number 160

 Peptides from p24 cargo proteins increased Arf GAP2 activity by an additional
 2- to 4-fold.

>sen9 in abstract number 160
 The effect of cargo peptide was dependent on coatomer.

>sen10 in abstract number 160

 Overexpressing the cargo protein p25 decreased cellular Arf1*GTP levels.

>sen11 in abstract number 160
 The
 differential sensitivity of Arf GAP1 and Arf GAP2 to coatomer could
 coordinate their activities.

>sen12 in abstract number 160
 Based on the common regulatory features of Arf
 GAP1 and 2, we propose a mechanism for cargo selection in which GTP
 hydrolysis triggered by cargo binding to the coat protein is coupled to coat
 polymerization

>sen1 in abstract number 161
The coat protein I (COPI) complex is considered to be one of the
 best-characterized coat complexes.

>sen2 in abstract number 161
 Studies on how it functions in vesicle
 formation have provided seminal contributions to the general paradigm in
 vesicular transport that the ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF) small GTPases are
 key regulators of coat complexes.

>sen3 in abstract number 161
 Here, we discuss emerging evidence that
 suggests the need to revise some long-held views on how COPI vesicle
 formation is achieved

>sen1 in abstract number 162
Hepatitis C virus (HCV) chronically infects 3% of the world's
 population, and complications from HCV are the leading indication for liver
 transplantation.

>sen2 in abstract number 162
 Given the need for better anti-HCV therapies, one strategy
 is to identify and target cellular cofactors of the virus lifecycle.

>sen3 in abstract number 162
 Using a
 genome-wide siRNA library, we identified 96 human genes that support HCV
 replication, with a significant number of them being involved in vesicle
 organization and biogenesis.

>sen4 in abstract number 162
 Phosphatidylinositol 4-kinase PI4KA and multiple
 subunits of the COPI vesicle coat complex were among the genes identified.

>sen5 in abstract number 162

 Consistent with this, pharmacologic inhibitors of COPI and PI4KA blocked HCV
 replication.

>sen6 in abstract number 162
 Targeting hepcidin, a peptide critical for iron homeostasis,
 also affected HCV replication, which may explain the known dysregulation of
 iron homeostasis in HCV infection.

>sen7 in abstract number 162
 The host cofactors for HCV replication
 identified in this study should serve as a useful resource in delineating new
 targets for anti-HCV therapies

>sen1 in abstract number 163
ADP ribosylation factor 1 (Arf1) plays a critical role in
 regulating secretory traffic and membrane transport within the Golgi of
 eukaryotic cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 163
 Arf1 is activated by guanine nucleotide exchange factors
 (ArfGEFs), which confer spatial and temporal specificity to vesicular
 transport.

>sen3 in abstract number 163
 We describe here the discovery and characterization of golgicide
 A, a potent, highly specific, reversible inhibitor of the cis-Golgi ArfGEF
 GBF1.

>sen4 in abstract number 163
 Inhibition of GBF1 function resulted in rapid dissociation of COPI
 vesicle coat from Golgi membranes and subsequent disassembly of the Golgi and
 trans-Golgi network.

>sen5 in abstract number 163
 Secretion of soluble and membrane-associated proteins
 was arrested at the endoplasmic reticulum-Golgi intermediate compartment,
 whereas endocytosis and recycling of transferrin were unaffected by GBF1
 inhibition.

>sen6 in abstract number 163
 Internalized shiga toxin was arrested within the endocytic
 compartment and was unable to reach the dispersed trans-Golgi network.

>sen7 in abstract number 163

 Collectively, these results highlight the central role for GBF1 in
 coordinating bidirectional transport and maintaining structural integrity of
 the Golgi

>sen1 in abstract number 164
Multisubunit tethering complexes are essential for intracellular
 trafficking and have been proposed to mediate the initial interaction between
 vesicles and the membranes with which they fuse.

>sen2 in abstract number 164
 Here we report initial
 structural characterization of the Dsl1p complex, whose three subunits are
 essential for trafficking from the Golgi apparatus to the endoplasmic
 reticulum (ER).

>sen3 in abstract number 164
 Crystal structures reveal that two of the three subunits,
 Tip20p and Dsl1p, resemble known subunits of the exocyst complex,
 establishing a structural connection among several multisubunit tethering
 complexes and implying that many of their subunits are derived from a common
 progenitor.

>sen4 in abstract number 164
 We show, moreover, that Tip20p and Dsl1p interact directly via
 N-terminal alpha-helices.

>sen5 in abstract number 164
 Finally, we establish that different Dsl1p complex
 subunits bind independently to different ER SNARE proteins.

>sen6 in abstract number 164
 Our results map
 out two alternative protein-interaction networks capable of tethering
 COPI-coated vesicles, via the Dsl1p complex, to ER membranes

>sen1 in abstract number 165
Lipid droplets are ubiquitous triglyceride and sterol ester
 storage organelles required for energy storage homeostasis and biosynthesis.

>sen2 in abstract number 165

 Although little is known about lipid droplet formation and regulation, it is
 clear that members of the PAT (perilipin, adipocyte differentiation related
 protein, tail interacting protein of 47 kDa) protein family coat the droplet
 surface and mediate interactions with lipases that remobilize the stored
 lipids.

>sen3 in abstract number 165
 We identified key Drosophila candidate genes for lipid droplet
 regulation by RNA interference (RNAi) screening with an image
 segmentation-based optical read-out system, and show that these regulatory
 functions are conserved in the mouse.

>sen4 in abstract number 165
 Those include the vesicle-mediated Coat
 Protein Complex I (COPI) transport complex, which is required for limiting
 lipid storage.

>sen5 in abstract number 165
 We found that COPI components regulate the PAT protein
 composition at the lipid droplet surface, and promote the association of
 adipocyte triglyceride lipase (ATGL) with the lipid droplet surface to
 mediate lipolysis.

>sen6 in abstract number 165
 Two compounds known to inhibit COPI function, Exo1 and
 Brefeldin A, phenocopy COPI knockdowns.

>sen7 in abstract number 165
 Furthermore, RNAi inhibition of ATGL
 and simultaneous drug treatment indicate that COPI and ATGL function in the
 same pathway.

>sen8 in abstract number 165
 These data indicate that the COPI complex is an evolutionarily
 conserved regulator of lipid homeostasis, and highlight an interaction
 between vesicle transport systems and lipid droplets

>sen1 in abstract number 166
Golgi-derived coat protein I (COPI) vesicles mediate transport
 in the early secretory pathway.

>sen2 in abstract number 166
 The minimal machinery required for COPI
 vesicle formation from Golgi membranes in vitro consists of (i) the
 hetero-heptameric protein complex coatomer, (ii) the small guanosine
 triphosphatase ADP-ribosylation factor 1 (Arf1) and (iii) transmembrane
 proteins that function as coat receptors, such as p24 proteins.

>sen3 in abstract number 166
 Various and
 opposing reports exist on a role of ArfGAP1 in COPI vesicle biogenesis.

>sen4 in abstract number 166
 In
 this study, we show that, in contrast to data in the literature, ArfGAP1 is
 not required for COPI vesicle formation.

>sen5 in abstract number 166
 To investigate roles of ArfGAP1 in
 vesicle formation, we titrated the enzyme into a defined reconstitution assay
 to form and purify COPI vesicles.

>sen6 in abstract number 166
 We find that catalytic amounts of Arf1GAP1
 significantly reduce the yield of purified COPI vesicles and that Arf1 rather
 than ArfGAP1 constitutes a stoichiometric component of the COPI coat.

>sen7 in abstract number 166

 Combining the controversial reports with the results presented in this study,
 we suggest a novel role for ArfGAP1 in membrane trafficking

>sen1 in abstract number 167
Brefeldin A-inhibited guanine nucleotide-exchange protein (BIG)
 1 activates human ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF) 1 and 3 by accelerating the
 replacement of ARF-bound GDP with GTP to initiate recruitment of coat
 proteins for membrane vesicle formation.

>sen2 in abstract number 167
 Liquid chromatography MS/MS analysis
 of peptides from proteins that co-precipitated with BIG1 antibodies
 identified ""kinesin family member 21A"" (KIF21A), a plus-end-directed motor
 protein that moves cargo on microtubules away from the microtubule-organizing
 center.

>sen3 in abstract number 167
 Reciprocal immunoprecipitation (IP) of endogenous proteins and
 microscopically apparent overlap of immunoreactive BIG1 with overexpressed
 GFP-KIF21A in the perinuclear region were consistent with an interaction of
 KIF21A-BIG1.

>sen4 in abstract number 167
 Overexpression of full-length KIF21A and BIG1 and their
 fragments in HEK293 cells followed by reciprocal IP revealed that the
 C-terminal tail of KIF21A, with seven WD-40 repeats, may interact with
 structure in the C-terminal region of BIG1.

>sen5 in abstract number 167
 Interfering with cyclic
 activation and inactivation of ARF1 by overexpressing constitutively active
 ARF1(Q71L) or dominant inactive ARF1(T31N) altered the distribution of BIG1
 as well as its interaction with KIF21A.

>sen6 in abstract number 167
 A requirement for ARF1 was confirmed
 by its selective depletion with siRNA.

>sen7 in abstract number 167
 Unlike disruption of microtubules with
 nocodazole, selective inhibition of transport by depletion of KIF21A with
 specific siRNA altered BIG1 distribution without changing that of intrinsic
 Golgi membrane proteins.

>sen8 in abstract number 167
 These newly recognized interactions of BIG1 and
 KIF21A should enable us to understand better the mechanisms through which,
 acting together, they may integrate local events in membrane trafficking with
 longer-range transport processes and to relate those processes to the diverse
 signaling and scaffold functions of BIG1

>sen1 in abstract number 168
ASAP1 is an Arf GTPase-activating protein (GAP) that functions
 on membrane surfaces to catalyze the hydrolysis of GTP bound to Arf.

>sen2 in abstract number 168
 ASAP1
 contains a tandem of BAR, pleckstrin homology (PH), and Arf GAP domains and
 contributes to the formation of invadopodia and podosomes.

>sen3 in abstract number 168
 The PH domain
 interacts with the catalytic domain influencing both the catalytic and
 Michaelis constants.

>sen4 in abstract number 168
 Tandem BAR-PH domains have been found to fold into a
 functional unit.

>sen5 in abstract number 168
 The results of sedimentation velocity studies were
 consistent with predictions from homology models in which the BAR and PH
 domains of ASAP1 fold together.

>sen6 in abstract number 168
 We set out to test the hypothesis that the
 BAR domain of ASAP1 affects GAP activity by interacting with the PH and/or
 Arf GAP domains.

>sen7 in abstract number 168
 Recombinant proteins composed of the BAR, PH, Arf GAP, and
 Ankyrin repeat domains (called BAR-PZA) and the PH, Arf GAP, and Ankyrin
 repeat domains (PZA) were compared.

>sen8 in abstract number 168
 Catalytic power for the two proteins was
 determined using large unilamellar vesicles as a reaction surface.

>sen9 in abstract number 168
 The
 catalytic power of PZA was greater than that of BAR-PZA.

>sen10 in abstract number 168
 The effect of the
 BAR domain was dependent on the N-terminal loop of the BAR domain and was not
 the consequence of differential membrane association or changes in large
 unilamellar vesicle curvature.

>sen11 in abstract number 168
 The Km for BAR-PZA was greater and the kcat
 was smaller than for PZA determined by saturation kinetics.

>sen12 in abstract number 168
 Analysis of
 single turnover kinetics revealed a transition state intermediate that was
 affected by the BAR domain.

>sen13 in abstract number 168
 We conclude that BAR domains can affect enzymatic
 activity through intraprotein interactions

>sen1 in abstract number 169
The formation of coat protein complex I (COPI)-coated vesicles
 is regulated by the small guanosine triphosphatase (GTPase) adenosine
 diphosphate ribosylation factor 1 (Arf1), which in its GTP-bound form
 recruits coatomer to the Golgi membrane.

>sen2 in abstract number 169
 Arf GTPase-activating protein (GAP)
 catalyzed GTP hydrolysis in Arf1 triggers uncoating and is required for
 uptake of cargo molecules into vesicles.

>sen3 in abstract number 169
 Three mammalian ArfGAPs are involved
 in COPI vesicle trafficking; however, their individual functions remain
 obscure.

>sen4 in abstract number 169
 ArfGAP1 binds to membranes depending on their curvature.

>sen5 in abstract number 169
 In this
 study, we show that ArfGAP2 and ArfGAP3 do not bind directly to membranes but
 are recruited via interactions with coatomer.

>sen6 in abstract number 169
 In the presence of coatomer,
 ArfGAP2 and ArfGAP3 activities are comparable with or even higher than
 ArfGAP1 activity.

>sen7 in abstract number 169
 Although previously speculated, our results now demonstrate
 a function for coatomer in ArfGAP-catalyzed GTP hydrolysis by Arf1.

>sen8 in abstract number 169
 We
 suggest that ArfGAP2 and ArfGAP3 are coat protein-dependent ArfGAPs, whereas
 ArfGAP1 has a more general function

>sen1 in abstract number 170
Mouse oocytes undergo two successive meiotic divisions to
 generate one large egg with two small polar bodies.

>sen2 in abstract number 170
 The divisions are
 essential for preserving the maternal resources to support embryonic
 development.

>sen3 in abstract number 170
 Although previous studies have shown that some small guanosine
 triphosphatases, such as RAC, RAN, and CDC42, play important roles in
 cortical polarization and spindle pole anchoring, no oocytes undergo
 cytokinesis when the mutant forms of these genes are expressed in mouse
 oocytes.

>sen4 in abstract number 170
 Here, we show that the ADP-ribosylation factor 1 (ARF1) plays an
 important role in regulating asymmetric cell division in mouse oocyte
 meiosis.

>sen5 in abstract number 170
 Microinjection of mRNA of a dominant negative mutant form of Arf1
 (Arf1(T31N)) into fully grown germinal vesicle oocytes led to symmetric cell
 division in meiosis I, generating two metaphase II (MII) oocytes of equal
 size.

>sen6 in abstract number 170
 Subsequently, the two MII oocytes of equal size underwent the second
 round of symmetric cell division to generate a four-cell embryo (zygote) when
 activated parthenogenetically or via sperm injection.

>sen7 in abstract number 170
 Furthermore,
 inactivation of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) but not MDK (also
 known as MEK) has been discovered in the ARF1 mutant oocytes, and this
 further demonstrated that ARF1, MAPK pathway plays an important role in
 regulating asymmetric cell division in meiosis I.

>sen8 in abstract number 170
 Similarly,
 ARF1(T31N)-expressing, superovulated MII oocytes underwent symmetric cell
 division in meiosis II when activation was performed.

>sen9 in abstract number 170
 Rotation of the MII
 spindle for 90 degrees was prohibited in ARF1(T31N)-expressing MII oocytes.

>sen10 in abstract number 170

 Taken together, our results suggest that ARF1 plays an essential role in
 regulating asymmetric cell division in female meiosis

>sen1 in abstract number 171
BACKGROUND: There is increasing evidence that tissue-specific
 modifications of basic cellular functions play an important role in
 development and disease.

>sen2 in abstract number 171
 To identify the functions of COPI coatomer-mediated
 membrane trafficking in Drosophila development, we were aiming to create
 loss-of-function mutations in the gammaCOP gene, which encodes a subunit of
 the COPI coatomer complex.

>sen3 in abstract number 171
 PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: We found that gammaCOP is
 essential for the viability of the Drosophila embryo.

>sen4 in abstract number 171
 In the absence of
 zygotic gammaCOP activity, embryos die late in embryogenesis and display
 pronounced defects in morphogenesis of the embryonic epidermis and of
 tracheal tubes.

>sen5 in abstract number 171
 The coordinated cell rearrangements and cell shape changes
 during tracheal tube morphogenesis critically depend on apical secretion of
 certain proteins.

>sen6 in abstract number 171
 Investigation of tracheal morphogenesis in gammaCOP
 loss-of-function mutants revealed that several key proteins required for
 tracheal morphogenesis are not properly secreted into the apical lumen.

>sen7 in abstract number 171
 As a
 consequence, gammaCOP mutants show defects in cell rearrangements during
 branch elongation, in tube dilation, as well as in tube fusion.

>sen8 in abstract number 171
 We present
 genetic evidence that a specific subset of the tracheal defects in gammaCOP
 mutants is due to the reduced secretion of the Zona Pellucida protein Piopio.

>sen9 in abstract number 171

 Thus, we identified a critical target protein of COPI-dependent secretion in
 epithelial tube morphogenesis.

>sen10 in abstract number 171
 CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE: These studies
 highlight the role of COPI coatomer-mediated vesicle trafficking in both
 general and tissue-specific secretion in a multicellular organism.

>sen11 in abstract number 171
 Although
 COPI coatomer is generally required for protein secretion, we show that the
 phenotypic effect of gammaCOP mutations is surprisingly specific.

>sen12 in abstract number 171

 Importantly, we attribute a distinct aspect of the gammaCOP phenotype to the
 effect on a specific key target protein

>sen1 in abstract number 172
Proteins essential for vesicle formation by the Coat Protein I
 (COPI) complex are being identified, but less is known about the role of
 specific lipids.

>sen2 in abstract number 172
 Brefeldin-A ADP-ribosylated substrate (BARS) functions in
 the fission step of COPI vesicle formation.

>sen3 in abstract number 172
 Here, we show that BARS induces
 membrane curvature in cooperation with phosphatidic acid.

>sen4 in abstract number 172
 This finding has
 allowed us to further delineate COPI vesicle fission into two sub-stages: 1)
 an earlier stage of bud-neck constriction, in which BARS and other COPI
 components are required, and 2) a later stage of bud-neck scission, in which
 phosphatidic acid generated by phospholipase D2 (PLD2) is also required.

>sen5 in abstract number 172

 Moreover, in contrast to the disruption of the Golgi seen on perturbing the
 core COPI components (such as coatomer), inhibition of PLD2 causes milder
 disruptions, suggesting that such COPI components have additional roles in
 maintaining Golgi structure other than through COPI vesicle formation

>sen1 in abstract number 173
Vesicular transport is the basic communication mechanism between
 different compartments in a cell and with the environment.

>sen2 in abstract number 173
 In this review I
 discuss the principles of vesicle generation and consumption with particular
 emphasis on the different types of coat proteins and the timing of the
 shedding of the coat proteins from transport containers.

>sen3 in abstract number 173
 In recent years it
 has become clear that there are more coat complexes than the classical COPI,
 COPII and clathrin coats.

>sen4 in abstract number 173
 These additional coats may generate vesicles that
 transport cargo in a temporally and/or spatially controlled manner.

>sen5 in abstract number 173
 Work over
 the last years suggests that GTP hydrolysis occurs early during vesicle
 biogenesis, destabilizing the coat perhaps before fission of the vesicle from
 the donor membrane occurs.

>sen6 in abstract number 173
 Recent findings imply, however, that tethers at
 the receiving compartment specifically detect the coat on vesicle

>sen1 in abstract number 174
The COPII coat assembles on endoplasmic reticulum membranes to
 coordinate the collection of secretory cargo with the formation of transport
 vesicles.

>sen2 in abstract number 174
 During COPII assembly, Sar1 deforms the membrane and recruits the
 Sec23-Sec24 complex (Sec23/24), which is the primary cargo-binding adaptor
 for the system, and Sec13-Sec31 (Sec13/31), which provides a structural outer
 layer for vesicle formation.

>sen3 in abstract number 174
 Here we show that Sec13 depletion results in
 concomitant loss of Sec31 and juxtanuclear clustering of pre-budding
 complexes containing Sec23/24 and cargo.

>sen4 in abstract number 174
 Electron microscopy reveals the
 presence of curved coated profiles on distended endoplasmic reticulum,
 indicating that Sec13/31 is not required for the generation or maintenance of
 the curvature.

>sen5 in abstract number 174
 Surprisingly, export of tsO45-G-YFP, a marker of secretory
 cargo, is unaffected by Sec13/31 depletion; by contrast, secretion of
 collagen from primary fibroblasts is strongly inhibited.

>sen6 in abstract number 174
 Suppression of Sec13
 expression in zebrafish causes defects in proteoglycan deposition and
 skeletal abnormalities that are grossly similar to the craniofacial
 abnormalities of crusher mutant zebrafish and patients with
 cranio-lenticulo-sutural dysplasia.

>sen7 in abstract number 174
 We conclude that efficient coupling of
 the inner (Sec23/24) and outer (Sec13/31) layers of the COPII coat is
 required to drive the export of collagen from the endoplasmic reticulum, and
 that highly efficient COPII assembly is essential for normal craniofacial
 development during embryogenesis

>sen1 in abstract number 175
ADP-ribosylation factor (Arf) and related small GTPases play
 crucial roles in membrane traffic within the exo- and endocytic pathways.

>sen2 in abstract number 175
 Arf
 proteins in their GTP-bound state are associated with curved membrane buds
 and tubules, frequently together with effector coat proteins to which they
 bind.

>sen3 in abstract number 175
 Here we report that Arf1 is found on membrane tubules originating from
 the Golgi complex where it colocalizes with COPI and GGA1 vesicle coat
 proteins.

>sen4 in abstract number 175
 Arf1 also induces tubulation of liposomes in vitro.

>sen5 in abstract number 175
 Mutations
 within the amino-terminal amphipathic helix (NTH) of Arf1 affect the number
 of Arf1-positive tubules in vivo and its property to tubulate liposomes.

>sen6 in abstract number 175

 Moreover, hydrophilic substitutions within the hydrophobic part of its NTH
 impair Arf1-catalyzed budding of COPI vesicles in vitro.

>sen7 in abstract number 175
 Our data indicate
 that GTP-controlled local induction of high curvature membranes is an
 important property of Arf1 that might be shared by a subgroup of Arf/Arl
 family GTPases

>sen1 in abstract number 176
The GTPase Arf1 is considered as a molecular switch that
 regulates binding and release of coat proteins that polymerize on membranes
 to form transport vesicles.

>sen2 in abstract number 176
 Here, we show that Arf1-GTP induces positive
 membrane curvature and find that the small GTPase can dimerize dependent on
 GTP.

>sen3 in abstract number 176
 Investigating a possible link between Arf dimerization and curvature
 formation, we isolated an Arf1 mutant that cannot dimerize.

>sen4 in abstract number 176
 Although it was
 capable of exerting the classical role of Arf1 as a coat receptor, it could
 not mediate the formation of COPI vesicles from Golgi-membranes and was
 lethal when expressed in yeast.

>sen5 in abstract number 176
 Strikingly, this mutant was not able to
 deform membranes, suggesting that GTP-induced dimerization of Arf1 is a
 critical step inducing membrane curvature during the formation of coated
 vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 177
Arf family GTP-binding proteins function in the regulation of
 membrane-trafficking events and in the maintenance of organelle structure.

>sen2 in abstract number 177

 They act at membrane surfaces to modify lipid composition and to recruit coat
 proteins for the generation of transport vesicles.

>sen3 in abstract number 177
 Arfs associate with
 membranes through insertion of an N-terminal myristoyl moiety in conjunction
 with an adjacent amphipathic alpha-helix, which embeds in the lipid bilayer
 when Arf1 is GTP-bound.

>sen4 in abstract number 177
 In this issue of the Biochemical Journal, Lundmark et
 al. report that myristoylated Arfs in the presence of GTP bind to and cause
 tubulation of liposomes, and that GTP exchange on to Arfs is more efficient
 in the presence of liposomes of smaller diameter (increased curvature).

>sen5 in abstract number 177
 These
 findings suggest that Arf protein activation and membrane interaction may
 initiate membrane curvature that will be enhanced further by coat proteins
 during vesicle formation

>sen1 in abstract number 178
The gluconeogenic enzyme fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase (FBPase) is
 degraded in the vacuole when glucose is added to glucose-starved cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 178

 Before it is delivered to the vacuole, however, FBPase is imported into
 intermediate carriers called Vid (vacuole import and degradation) vesicles.

>sen3 in abstract number 178

 Here, using biochemical and genetic approaches, we identified a requirement
 for SEC28 in FBPase degradation.

>sen4 in abstract number 178
 SEC28 encodes the epsilon-COP subunit of
 COPI (coat protein complex I) coatomer proteins.

>sen5 in abstract number 178
 When SEC28 and other
 coatomer genes were mutated, FBPase degradation was defective and FBPase
 association with Vid vesicles was impaired.

>sen6 in abstract number 178
 Coatomer proteins were identified
 as components of Vid vesicles, and they formed a protein complex with a Vid
 vesicle-specific protein, Vid24p.

>sen7 in abstract number 178
 Furthermore, Vid24p association with Vid
 vesicles was impaired when coatomer genes were mutated.

>sen8 in abstract number 178
 Kinetic studies
 indicated that Sec28p traffics to multiple locations.

>sen9 in abstract number 178
 Sec28p was in Vid
 vesicles, endocytic compartments, and the vacuolar membrane in various
 mutants that block the FBPase degradation pathway.

>sen10 in abstract number 178
 Sec28p was also found in
 vesicles adjacent to the vacuolar membrane in the ret2-1 coatomer mutant.

>sen11 in abstract number 178
 We
 propose that Sec28p resides in Vid vesicles, and these vesicles converge with
 the endocytic pathway.

>sen12 in abstract number 178
 After fusion, Sec28p is distributed on the vacuolar
 membrane, where it concentrates on vesicles that pinch off from this
 organelle.

>sen13 in abstract number 178
 FBPase also utilizes the endocytic pathway for transport to the
 vacuole, as demonstrated by its presence in endocytic compartments in the
 Deltavph1 mutant.

>sen14 in abstract number 178
 Taken together, our results indicate a strong connection
 between the Vid trafficking pathway and the endocytic pathway

>sen1 in abstract number 179
Golgi-resident glycosyltransferases are a family of enzymes that
 sequentially modify glycoproteins in a subcompartment-specific manner.

>sen2 in abstract number 179
 These
 type II integral membrane proteins are characterized by a short
 cytoplasmically exposed amino-terminal tail and a luminal enzymatic domain.

>sen3 in abstract number 179

 The cytoplasmic tails play a role in the localization of
 glycosyltransferases, and coat protein complex I (COPI) vesicle-mediated
 retrograde transport is also involved in their Golgi localization.

>sen4 in abstract number 179
 However,
 the tails of these enzymes lack known COPI-binding motifs.

>sen5 in abstract number 179
 Here, we found
 that Vps74p bound to a pentameric motif present in the cytoplasmic tails of
 the majority of yeast Golgi-localized glycosyltransferases, as well as to
 COPI.

>sen6 in abstract number 179
 We propose that Vps74p maintains the steady-state localization of Golgi
 glycosyltransferases dynamically, by promoting their incorporation into
 COPI-coated vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 180
Arf GAPs are a family of enzymes that catalyze the hydrolysis of
 GTP bound to Arf.

>sen2 in abstract number 180
 Arf GAP1 is one member of the family that has a critical
 role in membrane traffic at the Golgi apparatus.

>sen3 in abstract number 180
 Two distinct models for the
 regulation of Arf GAP1 in membrane traffic have been proposed.

>sen4 in abstract number 180
 In one model,
 Arf GAP1 functions in a ternary complex with coat proteins and is inhibited
 by cargo proteins.

>sen5 in abstract number 180
 In another model, Arf GAP1 is recruited to a membrane
 surface that has defects created by the increased membrane curvature that
 accompanies transport vesicle formation.

>sen6 in abstract number 180
 Here we have used kinetic and
 mutational analysis to test predictions of models of regulation of Arf GAP1.

>sen7 in abstract number 180

 We found that Arf GAP1 has a similar affinity for Arf1.

>sen8 in abstract number 180
GTP as another Arf
 GAP, ASAP1, but the catalytic rate is approximately 0.5% that of ASAP1.

>sen9 in abstract number 180

 Coatomer stimulated Arf GAP1 activity; however, different from that predicted
 from the current model, coatomer affected the K(m) and not the k(cat) values.

>sen10 in abstract number 180

 Effects of most mutations in Arf GAP1 paralleled those in ASAP1.

>sen11 in abstract number 180
 Mutation of
 an arginine that aligned with an arginine presumed to be catalytic in ASAP1
 abrogated activity.

>sen12 in abstract number 180
 Peptide from the cytoplasmic tail of cargo proteins
 inhibited Arf GAP1; however, the unrelated Arf GAP ASAP1 was also inhibited.

>sen13 in abstract number 180

 The curvature of the lipid bilayer had a small effect on activity of Arf GAP1
 under the conditions of our experiments.

>sen14 in abstract number 180
 We conclude that coatomer is an
 allosteric regulator of Arf GAP1.

>sen15 in abstract number 180
 The relevance of the results to the two
 models of Arf GAP1-mediated regulation of Arf1 is discussed

>sen1 in abstract number 181
Biogenesis of the Golgi apparatus is likely mediated by the COPI
 vesicle coat complex, but the mechanism is poorly understood.

>sen2 in abstract number 181
 Modeling of the
 COPI subunit betaCOP based on the clathrin adaptor AP2 suggested that the
 betaCOP C terminus forms an appendage domain with a conserved FW binding
 pocket motif.

>sen3 in abstract number 181
 On gene replacement after knockdown, versions of betaCOP with a
 mutated FW motif or flanking basic residues yielded a defect in Golgi
 organization reminiscent of that occurring in the absence of the vesicle
 tether p115.

>sen4 in abstract number 181
 Indeed, betaCOP bound p115, and this depended on the betaCOP FW
 motif.

>sen5 in abstract number 181
 Furthermore, the interaction depended on E(19)E(21) in the p115 head
 domain and inverse charge substitution blocked Golgi biogenesis in intact
 cells.

>sen6 in abstract number 181
 Finally, Golgi assembly in permeabilized cells was significantly
 reduced by inhibitors containing intact, but not mutated, betaCOP FW or p115
 EE motifs.

>sen7 in abstract number 181
 Thus, Golgi organization depends on mutually interacting domains
 in betaCOP and p115, suggesting that vesicle tethering at the Golgi involves
 p115 binding to the COPI coat

>sen1 in abstract number 182
BACKGROUND: Tube expansion defects like stenoses and atresias
 cause devastating human diseases.

>sen2 in abstract number 182
 Luminal expansion during organogenesis
 begins to be elucidated in several systems but we still lack a mechanistic
 view of the process in many organs.

>sen3 in abstract number 182
 The Drosophila tracheal respiratory
 system provides an amenable model to study tube size regulation.

>sen4 in abstract number 182
 In the
 trachea, COPII anterograde transport of luminal proteins is required for
 extracellular matrix assembly and the concurrent tube expansion.

>sen5 in abstract number 182
 PRINCIPAL
 FINDINGS: We identified and analyzed Drosophila COPI retrograde transport
 mutants with narrow tracheal tubes. gammaCOP mutants fail to efficiently
 secrete luminal components and assemble the luminal chitinous matrix during
 tracheal tube expansion.

>sen6 in abstract number 182
 Likewise, tube extension is defective in salivary
 glands, where it also coincides with a failure in the luminal deposition and
 assembly of a distinct, transient intraluminal matrix.

>sen7 in abstract number 182
 Drosophila gammaCOP
 colocalizes with cis-Golgi markers and in gammaCOP mutant embryos the ER and
 Golgi structures are severely disrupted.

>sen8 in abstract number 182
 Analysis of gammaCOP and Sar1 double
 mutants suggests that bidirectional ER-Golgi traffic maintains the ER and
 Golgi compartments and is required for secretion and assembly of luminal
 matrixes during tube expansion.

>sen9 in abstract number 182
 CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE: Our results
 demonstrate the function of COPI components in organ morphogenesis and
 highlight the common role of apical secretion and assembly of transient
 organotypic matrices in tube expansion.

>sen10 in abstract number 182
 Intraluminal matrices have been
 detected in the notochord of ascidians and zebrafish COPI mutants show
 defects in notochord expansion.

>sen11 in abstract number 182
 Thus, the programmed deposition and growth of
 distinct luminal molds may provide distending forces during tube expansion in
 diverse organs

>sen1 in abstract number 183
Small GTPases of the Arf family are best known for their role in
 vesicular transport, wherein they nucleate the assembly of coat proteins at
 sites of carrier vesicle formation.

>sen2 in abstract number 183
 However, accumulating evidence indicates
 that the Arfs are also important regulators of actin cytoskeleton dynamics
 and are involved in a variety of actin-based processes, including cell
 adhesion, migration and neurite outgrowth.

>sen3 in abstract number 183
 The mechanisms of this regulation
 are remarkably diverse, ranging from the integration of vesicular transport
 with cytoskeleton assembly to the direct regulation of Rho-family GTPase
 function.

>sen4 in abstract number 183
 Here, we review recent progress in our understanding of how Arfs
 and their interacting proteins function to integrate membrane and
 cytoskeletal dynamics

>sen1 in abstract number 184
The Golgi apparatus in mammalian cells is composed of flattened
 cisternae that are densely packed to form stacks.

>sen2 in abstract number 184
 We have used the Golgi
 stacking protein GRASP65 as a tool to modify the stacking state of Golgi
 cisternae.

>sen3 in abstract number 184
 We established an assay to measure protein transport to the cell
 surface in post-mitotic cells in which the Golgi was unstacked.

>sen4 in abstract number 184
 Cells with an
 unstacked Golgi showed a higher transport rate compared to cells with stacked
 Golgi membranes.

>sen5 in abstract number 184
 Vesicle budding from unstacked cisternae in vitro was
 significantly increased compared to stacked membranes.

>sen6 in abstract number 184
 These results suggest
 that Golgi cisternal stacking can directly regulate vesicle formation and
 thus the rate of protein transport through the Golgi.

>sen7 in abstract number 184
 The results further
 suggest that at the onset of mitosis, unstacking of cisternae allows
 extensive and rapid vesiculation of the Golgi in preparation for its
 subsequent partitioning

>sen1 in abstract number 185
The p24 family members are transmembrane proteins assembled into
 heteromeric complexes that continuously cycle between the ER and the Golgi
 apparatus.

>sen2 in abstract number 185
 These cargo proteins were assumed to play a structural role in
 COPI budding because of their major presence in mammalian COPI vesicles.

>sen3 in abstract number 185

 However, this putative function has not been proved conclusively so far.

>sen4 in abstract number 185

 Furthermore, deletion of all eight yeast p24 family members does not produce
 severe transport phenotypes, suggesting that the p24 complex is not essential
 for COPI function.

>sen5 in abstract number 185
 In this paper we provide direct evidence that the yeast
 p24 complex plays an active role in retrograde transport from Golgi to ER by
 facilitating the formation of COPI-coated vesicles.

>sen6 in abstract number 185
 Therefore, our results
 demonstrate that p24 proteins are important for vesicle formation instead of
 simply being a passive traveler, supporting the model in which cargo together
 with a small GTPase of the ARF superfamily and coat subunits act as primer
 for vesicle formation

>sen1 in abstract number 186
Aspergillus nidulans strains containing the hypB5 temperature
 sensitive allele have a restrictive phenotype of wide, highly-branched
 hyphae.

>sen2 in abstract number 186
 The hypB locus was cloned by phenotype complementation using a
 genomic plasmid library. hypB5 is predicted gene AN6709 in the A. nidulans
 genome database, which encodes a putative Sec7 domain protein, likely to act
 early in COPI-mediated vesicle formation for retrograde Golgi to ER
 transport.

>sen3 in abstract number 186
 The A. nidulans hypB5 allele has a single mutation, cytosine to
 guanine predicted to cause a nonconservative amino acid change, alanine to
 proline, in a conserved helix adjacent to the Sec7p nucleotide binding site.

>sen4 in abstract number 186

 This would likely reduce the stability of a highly conserved loop important
 for nucleotide binding, and is consistent with temperature sensitivity of
 hypB5 strains.

>sen5 in abstract number 186
 Deletion of AN6709 showed that hypB(Sec7) was not essential.

>sen6 in abstract number 186

 AN6709Delta hyphae resembled the hypB5 restrictive phenotype.

>sen7 in abstract number 186
 As has been
 shown previously for hypA1 mutants, shifting established hypB5 mutant hyphae
 from a growth temperature of 28-42 degrees C caused septation in and death of
 tip cells and growth activation of basal cells

>sen1 in abstract number 187
BACKGROUND: The appendage domain of the gammaCOP subunit of the
 COPI vesicle coat bears a striking structural resemblance to adaptin-family
 appendages despite limited primary sequence homology.

>sen2 in abstract number 187
 Both the gammaCOP
 appendage domain and an equivalent region on betaCOP contain the FxxxW motif;
 the conservation of this motif suggested the existence of a functional
 appendage domain in betaCOP.

>sen3 in abstract number 187
 RESULTS: Sequence comparisons in combination
 with structural prediction tools show that the fold of the COOH-terminus of
 Sec26p is strongly predicted to closely mimic that of adaptin-family
 appendages.

>sen4 in abstract number 187
 Deletion of the appendage domain of Sec26p results in inviability
 in yeast, over-expression of the deletion construct is dominant negative and
 mutagenesis of this region identifies residues critical for function.

>sen5 in abstract number 187
 The
 ArfGAP Glo3p was identified via suppression screening as a potential
 downstream modulator of Sec26p in a manner that is independent of the GAP
 activity of Glo3p but requires the presence of the COOH-terminal ISS motifs.

>sen6 in abstract number 187

 CONCLUSION: Together, these results indicate an essential function for the
 predicted betaCOP appendage and suggest that both COPI appendages perform a
 biologically active regulatory role with a structure related to
 adaptin-family appendage domains

>sen1 in abstract number 188
Formation of transport vesicles involves polymerization of
 cytoplasmic coat proteins (COP).

>sen2 in abstract number 188
 In COPI vesicle biogenesis, the heptameric
 complex coatomer is recruited to donor membranes by the interaction of
 multiple coatomer subunits with the budding machinery.

>sen3 in abstract number 188
 Specific binding to
 the trunk domain of gamma-COP by the Golgi membrane protein p23 induces a
 conformational change that causes polymerization of the complex.

>sen4 in abstract number 188
 Using
 single-pair fluorescence resonance energy transfer, we find that this
 conformational change takes place in individual coatomer complexes,
 independent of each other, and that the conformational rearrangement induced
 in gamma-COP is transmitted within the complex to its alpha-subunit.

>sen5 in abstract number 188
 We
 suggest that capture of membrane protein machinery triggers cage formation in
 the COPI system

>sen1 in abstract number 189
The Golgi complex is a main component of the eukaryotic
 secretory system and functions to modify nascent proteins sent from the
 endoplasmic reticulum.

>sen2 in abstract number 189
 Ultrastructural studies of filamentous fungi have
 shown Golgi to be individual smooth membrane cisternae that are referred to
 as Golgi equivalents or dictyosomes.

>sen3 in abstract number 189
 The Aspergillus nidulans copA gene
 encodes a homolog of mammalian coat protein (alpha-COP), a constituent of the
 Golgi-localized COPI vesicle coat.

>sen4 in abstract number 189
 Here, the localization of A.
 nidulansalpha-COP was examined in live cells using the reporter green
 fluorescent protein (GFP).

>sen5 in abstract number 189
 CopA:GFP localized to putative Golgi equivalents
 that were concentrated at hyphal tips.

>sen6 in abstract number 189
 The localization was disrupted by the
 fungal metabolite brefeldin A.

>sen7 in abstract number 189
 To investigate the significance of the
 microtubule cytoskeleton in the localization of putative Golgi equivalents,
 the copA:gfp fusion was expressed in a temperature-sensitive dynein mutant.

>sen8 in abstract number 189

 In addition, a wild-type strain expressing copA:gfp was treated with the
 microtubule-disrupting drug nocodazole.

>sen9 in abstract number 189
 The results suggest that the
 microtubule cytoskeleton is not the primary mechanism of localizing putative
 Golgi equivalents in A. nidulans

>sen1 in abstract number 190
The effects of 1-butanol on the organelles of the early
 secretory pathway in tobacco BY-2 cells have been examined, because this
 primary alcohol is known to interfere with phospholipase D an enzyme whose
 activity contributes to COPI-vesicle formation.

>sen2 in abstract number 190
 Since the fungal lactone
 Brefeldin A (BFA) also prevents COPI-vesicle production by the Golgi
 apparatus, the sequential and simultaneous application of these two
 inhibitors was also investigated. 1-Butanol, but not 2-butanol caused rapid
 changes in the morphology of the BY-2 Golgi apparatus resulting in extended
 curved cisternae.

>sen3 in abstract number 190
 By contrast with BFA-treated cells, ER cisternae did not
 attach laterally to these structures, and ER-Golgi fusion hybrids were not
 obtained with 1-butanol.

>sen4 in abstract number 190
 However, immunofluorescence microscopy revealed that
 1-butanol, like BFA, elicited the release of the GTPase ARF1 from Golgi
 membranes.

>sen5 in abstract number 190
 Washing out the butanol resulted in re-attachment of ARF1 and a
 recovery of Golgi stack morphology.

>sen6 in abstract number 190
 BY-2 cells treated sequentially with
 1-butanol then BFA (each 30 min), did not reveal any BFA-typical changes in
 Golgi structure.

>sen7 in abstract number 190
 Cells treated first with BFA, then 1-butanol retained the
 typical ER-Golgi sandwich morphology induced by BFA, but were larger.

>sen8 in abstract number 190
 When
 1-butanol and BFA were added together (for a 30 min period), even larger
 Golgi aggregates were formed with, again, no ER attachments.

>sen9 in abstract number 190
 Thus, although
 both inhibitors had the Golgi apparatus as their principle cytological target
 and both interfere with coatomer attachment, they differ in their ability to
 induce an interaction with the ER

>sen1 in abstract number 191
Arginine (R)-based ER localization signals are sorting motifs
 that confer transient ER localization to unassembled subunits of multimeric
 membrane proteins.

>sen2 in abstract number 191
 The COPI vesicle coat binds R-based signals but the
 molecular details remain unknown.

>sen3 in abstract number 191
 Here, we use reporter membrane proteins
 based on the proteolipid Pmp2 fused to GFP and allele swapping of COPI
 subunits to map the recognition site for R-based signals.

>sen4 in abstract number 191
 We show that two
 highly conserved stretches--in the beta- and delta-COPI subunits--are
 required to maintain Pmp2GFP reporters exposing R-based signals in the ER.

>sen5 in abstract number 191

 Combining a deletion of 21 residues in delta-COP together with the mutation
 of three residues in beta-COP gave rise to a COPI coat that had lost its
 ability to recognize R-based signals, whilst the recognition of C-terminal
 di-lysine signals remained unimpaired.

>sen6 in abstract number 191
 A homology model of the COPI trunk
 domain illustrates the recognition of R-based signals by COPI

>sen1 in abstract number 192
Vesicular trafficking and actin dynamics on Golgi membranes are
 both regulated by ADP-ribosylation factor 1 (ARF1) through the recruitment of
 various effectors, including vesicular coats.

>sen2 in abstract number 192
 Actin assembly on Golgi
 membranes contributes to the architecture of the Golgi complex, vesicle
 formation, and trafficking and is mediated by ARF1 through a cascade that
 leads to Arp2/3 complex activation.

>sen3 in abstract number 192
 Here we addressed the role of Golgi actin
 downstream of ARF1 by using a biomimetic assay consisting of liposomes of
 defined lipid composition, carrying an activated form of ARF1 incubated in
 cytosolic cell extracts.

>sen4 in abstract number 192
 We observed actin polymerization around the
 liposomes resulting in thick actin shells and actin comet tails that pushed
 the ARF1 liposomes forward.

>sen5 in abstract number 192
 The assay was used to characterize the
 ARF1-dependent pathway, leading to actin polymerization, and confirmed a
 dependency on CDC42 and its downstream effector N-WASP.

>sen6 in abstract number 192
 Overall, this study
 demonstrates that actin polymerization driven by the complex multicomponent
 signaling cascade of the Golgi apparatus can be reproduced with a biomimetic
 system.

>sen7 in abstract number 192
 Moreover, our results are consistent with the view that actin-based
 force generation at the site of vesicle formation contributes to the
 mechanism of fission.

>sen8 in abstract number 192
 In addition to its well established function in coat
 recruitment, the ARF1 machinery also might produce movement- and
 fission-promoting forces through actin polymerization

>sen1 in abstract number 193
The role of membrane traffic is to transfer cargo between
 distinct subcellular compartments.

>sen2 in abstract number 193
 Each individual trafficking event involves
 the creation, transport and fusion of vesicular and tubular carriers that are
 formed and regulated via cytoplasmic coat protein complexes.

>sen3 in abstract number 193
 The dynamic
 nature of this process is therefore highly suitable for studying using live
 cell imaging techniques.

>sen4 in abstract number 193
 Although these approaches have raised further
 questions for the field, they have also been instrumental in providing
 essential new information, in particular relating to the morphology of
 transport carriers and the exchange kinetics of coat proteins and their
 regulators on membranes.

>sen5 in abstract number 193
 Here, we present an overview of live cell-imaging
 experiments that have been used in the study of coated-vesicle transport, and
 provide specific examples of their impact on our understanding of coat
 function

>sen1 in abstract number 194
The ADP ribosylation factors (Arfs) are a highly conserved
 subfamily of the Ras small GTPases with crucial roles in vesicle budding and
 membrane trafficking.

>sen2 in abstract number 194
 Unlike in other eukaryotes, the orthologue of Arf1 in
 the host bloodstream form of Trypanosoma brucei is essential for the
 maintenance of endocytosis.

>sen3 in abstract number 194
 In contrast, as shown in this study, knockdown of
 TbARF1 by RNA interference has no effect on fluid-phase endocytosis in the
 insect stage of the parasite.

>sen4 in abstract number 194
 The protein remains essential for the viability
 of these procyclic cells but the major effect of TbARF1-depletion is
 enlargement of the lysosome.

>sen5 in abstract number 194
 Our data indicate that protein trafficking and
 lysosomal function are differentially regulated by multiple factors,
 including TbARF1, during progression through the T. brucei lifecycle

>sen1 in abstract number 195
Guanine-nucleotide exchange factors on ADP-ribosylation factor
 GTPases (ARF-GEFs) regulate vesicle formation in time and space by activating
 ARF substrates on distinct donor membranes.

>sen2 in abstract number 195
 Mammalian GBF1 (ref. 2) and yeast
 Gea1/2 (ref. 3) ARF-GEFs act at Golgi membranes, regulating COPI-coated
 vesicle formation.

>sen3 in abstract number 195
 In contrast, their Arabidopsis thaliana homologue GNOM
 (GN) is required for endosomal recycling, playing an important part in
 development.

>sen4 in abstract number 195
 This difference indicates an evolutionary divergence of
 trafficking pathways between animals and plants, and raised the question of
 how endoplasmic reticulum-Golgi transport is regulated in plants.

>sen5 in abstract number 195
 Here we
 demonstrate that the closest homologue of GNOM in Arabidopsis, GNOM-LIKE1
 (GNL1; NM_123312; At5g39500), performs this ancestral function.

>sen6 in abstract number 195
 GNL1
 localizes to and acts primarily at Golgi stacks, regulating COPI-coated
 vesicle formation.

>sen7 in abstract number 195
 Surprisingly, GNOM can functionally substitute for GNL1,
 but not vice versa.

>sen8 in abstract number 195
 Our results suggest that large ARF-GEFs of the GBF1 class
 perform a conserved role in endoplasmic reticulum-Golgi trafficking and
 secretion, which is done by GNL1 and GNOM in Arabidopsis, whereas GNOM has
 evolved to perform an additional plant-specific function of recycling from
 endosomes to the plasma membrane.

>sen9 in abstract number 195
 Duplication and diversification of ARF-GEFs
 in plants contrasts with the evolution of entirely new classes of ARF-GEFs
 for endosomal trafficking in animals, which illustrates the independent
 evolution of complex endosomal pathways in the two kingdoms

>sen1 in abstract number 196
Diacylglycerol is necessary for trans-Golgi network (TGN) to
 cell surface transport, but its functional relevance in the early secretory
 pathway is unclear.

>sen2 in abstract number 196
 Although depletion of diacylglycerol did not affect
 ER-to-Golgi transport, it led to a redistribution of the KDEL receptor to the
 Golgi, indicating that Golgi-to-ER transport was perturbed.

>sen3 in abstract number 196
 Electron
 microscopy revealed an accumulation of COPI-coated membrane profiles close to
 the Golgi cisternae.

>sen4 in abstract number 196
 Electron tomography showed that the majority of these
 membrane profiles originate from coated buds, indicating a block in membrane
 fission.

>sen5 in abstract number 196
 Under these conditions the Golgi-associated pool of ARFGAP1 was
 reduced, but there was no effect on the binding of coatomer or the membrane
 fission protein CtBP3/BARS to the Golgi.

>sen6 in abstract number 196
 The addition of
 1,2-dioctanoyl-sn-glycerol or the diacylglycerol analogue phorbol
 12,13-dibutyrate reversed the effects of endogenous diacylglycerol depletion.

>sen7 in abstract number 196

 Our findings implicate diacylglycerol in the retrograde transport of proteins
 from Golgi to the ER and suggest that it plays a critical role at a late
 stage of COPI vesicle formation

>sen1 in abstract number 197
In mammalian cells the Golgi apparatus undergoes an extensive
 disassembly process at the onset of mitosis that is believed to facilitate
 equal partitioning of this organelle into the two daughter cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 197
 However,
 the underlying mechanisms for this fragmentation process are so far unclear.

>sen3 in abstract number 197

 Here we have investigated the role of the ADP-ribosylation factor-1 (ARF1) in
 this process to determine whether Golgi fragmentation in mitosis is mediated
 by vesicle budding.

>sen4 in abstract number 197
 ARF1 is a small GTPase that is required for COPI vesicle
 formation from the Golgi membranes.

>sen5 in abstract number 197
 Treatment of Golgi membranes with mitotic
 cytosol or with purified coatomer together with wild type ARF1 or its
 constitutive active form, but not the inactive mutant, converted the Golgi
 membranes into COPI vesicles.

>sen6 in abstract number 197
 ARF1-depleted mitotic cytosol failed to
 fragment Golgi membranes.

>sen7 in abstract number 197
 ARF1 is associated with Golgi vesicles generated in
 vitro and with vesicles in mitotic cells.

>sen8 in abstract number 197
 In addition, microinjection of
 constitutive active ARF1 did not affect mitotic Golgi fragmentation or cell
 progression through mitosis.

>sen9 in abstract number 197
 Our results show that ARF1 is active during
 mitosis and that this activity is required for mitotic Golgi fragmentation

>sen1 in abstract number 198
Soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein
 receptor (SNARE) proteins are key components of the fusion machinery in
 vesicular transport and in homotypic membrane fusion.

>sen2 in abstract number 198
 We previously found
 that ADP-ribosylation factor GTPase activating proteins (ArfGAPs) promoted a
 conformational change on SNAREs that allowed recruitment of the small GTPase
 Arf1p in stoichiometric amounts.

>sen3 in abstract number 198
 Here, we show that the ArfGAP Gcs1p
 accelerates vesicle (v)-target membrane (t)-SNARE complex formation in vitro,
 indicating that ArfGAPs may act as folding chaperones.

>sen4 in abstract number 198
 These SNARE complexes
 were resolved in the presence of ATP by the yeast homologues of alpha-soluble
 N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein and
 N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor, Sec17p and Sec18p, respectively.

>sen5 in abstract number 198
 In
 addition, Sec18p and Sec17p also recognized the ""activated"" SNAREs even
 when they were not engaged in v-t-SNARE complexes.

>sen6 in abstract number 198
 Here again, the induction
 of a conformational change by ArfGAPs was essential.

>sen7 in abstract number 198
 Surprisingly,
 recruitment of Sec18p to SNAREs did not require Sec17p or ATP hydrolysis.

>sen8 in abstract number 198

 Moreover, Sec18p displaced prebound Arf1p from SNAREs, indicating that Sec18p
 may have more than one function: first, to ensure that all vesicle coat
 proteins are removed from the SNAREs before the engagement in a trans-SNARE
 complex; and second, to resolve cis-SNARE complexes after fusion has occurred

>sen1 in abstract number 199
Tethering factors have been shown to interact with Rabs and
 SNAREs and, more recently, with coat proteins.

>sen2 in abstract number 199
 Coat proteins are required for
 cargo selection and membrane deformation to bud a transport vesicle from a
 donor compartment.

>sen3 in abstract number 199
 It was once thought that a vesicle must uncoat before it
 recognizes its target membrane.

>sen4 in abstract number 199
 However, recent findings have revealed a role
 for the coat in directing a vesicle to its correct intracellular destination.

>sen5 in abstract number 199

 In this review we will discuss the literature that links coat proteins to
 vesicle targeting events

>sen1 in abstract number 200
Coatomer coated (COPI) vesicles play a pivotal role for multiple
 membrane trafficking steps throughout the eukaryotic cell.

>sen2 in abstract number 200
 Our focus is on
 betaCOP, one of the most well known components of the COPI multi-protein
 complex.

>sen3 in abstract number 200
 Amino acid differences in betaCOP may dictate functional divergence
 across species during the course of evolution, especially with regards to the
 evolutionary pressures on obligate intracellular parasites.

>sen4 in abstract number 200
 A bioinformatic
 analysis of betaCOP amino acid sequences was conducted for 49 eukaryotic
 species.

>sen5 in abstract number 200
 Cloning and sequence analysis of the Toxoplasma gondii betaCOP
 homologue revealed several amino acid insertions unique to T. gondii and one
 C-terminal insertion that is unique to apicomplexan parasites.

>sen6 in abstract number 200
 These findings
 led us to investigate the possibility that betaCOP experienced functional
 divergence during the course of its evolution.

>sen7 in abstract number 200
 Bayesian phylogenetic analysis
 revealed a tree consistent with pan eukaryote distribution and long-branch
 lengths were observed among the apicomplexans.

>sen8 in abstract number 200
 Further analysis revealed that
 kinetoplast betaCOP underwent the most amount of change, leading to perhaps
 an overall change of function.

>sen9 in abstract number 200
 In comparison, T. gondii exhibited subtle yet
 specific amino acid changes.

>sen10 in abstract number 200
 The amino acid substitutions did not occur in
 the same places as other lineages, suggesting that TgbetaCOP has a role
 specific to the apicomplexans.

>sen11 in abstract number 200
 Our work identifies 48 residues that are
 likely to be functionally important when comparing apicomplexan,
 kinetoplastid, and fungal betaCOP

>sen1 in abstract number 201
The nuclear envelope consists of two membranes traversed by
 nuclear pore complexes.

>sen2 in abstract number 201
 The outer membrane is continuous with the endoplasmic
 reticulum.

>sen3 in abstract number 201
 At mitosis nuclear pore complexes are dismantled and membranes
 disperse.

>sen4 in abstract number 201
 The mechanism of dispersal is controversial: one view is that
 membranes feed into the endoplasmic reticulum, another is that they
 vesiculate.

>sen5 in abstract number 201
 Using Xenopus egg extracts, nuclei have been assembled and then
 induced to breakdown by addition of metaphase extract.

>sen6 in abstract number 201
 Field emission
 scanning electron microscopy was used to study disassembly.

>sen7 in abstract number 201
 Strikingly,
 endoplasmic reticulum-like membrane tubules form from the nuclear surface
 after the addition of metaphase extracts, but vesicles were also observed.

>sen8 in abstract number 201

 Microtubule inhibitors slowed but did not prevent membrane removal, whereas
 Brefeldin A, which inhibits vesicle formation, stops membrane disassembly,
 suggesting that vesiculation is necessary.

>sen9 in abstract number 201
 Structures that looked like coated
 buds were observed and buds were labelled for beta-COP.

>sen10 in abstract number 201
 We show that nuclear
 pore complexes are dismantled and the pore closed prior to membrane
 rupturing, suggesting that rupturing is an active process rather than a
 result of enlargement of nuclear pores

>sen1 in abstract number 202
Assembly of the cytosolic coat protein I (COPI) complex at the
 ER-Golgi interface is directed by the ADP ribosylation factor1 (Arf1) and its
 guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GBF1).

>sen2 in abstract number 202
 Rab1b GTPase modulates COPI
 recruitment, but the molecular mechanism underlying this action remains
 unclear.

>sen3 in abstract number 202
 Our data reveal that in vivo expression of the GTP-restricted Rab1b
 mutant (Rab1Q67L) increased the association of GBF1 and COPI to peripheral
 structures localized at the ER exit sites (ERES) interface.

>sen4 in abstract number 202
 Active Rab1b also
 stabilized Arf1 on Golgi membranes.

>sen5 in abstract number 202
 Furthermore, we characterized GBF1 as a
 new Rab1b effector, and showed that its N-terminal domain was involved in
 this interaction.

>sen6 in abstract number 202
 Rab1b small interfering RNA oligonucleotide assays
 suggested that Rab1b was required for GBF1 membrane association.

>sen7 in abstract number 202
 To further
 understand how Rab1b functions in ER-to-Golgi transport, we analyzed
 GFP-Rab1b dynamics in HeLa cells.

>sen8 in abstract number 202
 Time-lapse microscopy indicated that the
 majority of the Rab1b-labeled punctuated structures are relatively
 short-lived with limited-range movements.

>sen9 in abstract number 202
 FRAP of Golgi GFP-Rab1bwt showed
 rapid recovery (t(1/2) 120 s) with minimal dependence on microtubules.

>sen10 in abstract number 202
 Our
 data support a model where Rab1b-GTP induces GBF1 recruitment at the ERES
 interface and at the Golgi complex where it is required for COPII/COPI
 exchange or COPI vesicle formation, respectively

>sen1 in abstract number 203
Trafficking within the exocytic and endocytic pathways of
 eukaryotic cells involves the generation of caged transport carriers that
 mediate communication between compartments through vesicle budding and
 fusion.

>sen2 in abstract number 203
 Structural studies of vesicle cage structures using X-ray
 crystallography and cryo-electron microscopy approaches reveal new insight
 into cargo-dependent coat assembly mechanisms.

>sen3 in abstract number 203
 Clathrin and coat protein
 complex II (COPII) use conserved primary element alpha-solenoid and WD40
 structural motifs found in self-assembling cage scaffolds to generate unique
 geometries that sort cargo and produce vesicles.

>sen4 in abstract number 203
 These studies emphasize
 molecular and structural principles that reflect the properties of
 self-assembling nanomachines to regulate cargo capacity in trafficking
 pathways

>sen1 in abstract number 204
In coated vesicle formation, coat protein recruitment needs to
 be spatially and temporally controlled.

>sen2 in abstract number 204
 The coating process involves
 conformational changes of the coat protein complexes that activate them for
 interaction with cargo or machinery components and coat polymerization.

>sen3 in abstract number 204
 Here
 we discuss mechanisms that have emerged recently from studies of the clathrin
 adaptor and the COPI systems

>sen1 in abstract number 205
CHLAMYDOMONAS NOCTIGAMA has a non-motile Golgi apparatus
 consisting of several Golgi stacks adjacent to transitional ER.

>sen2 in abstract number 205
 These domains
 are characterized by vesicle-budding profiles and the lack of ribosomes on
 the side of the ER proximal to the Golgi stacks.

>sen3 in abstract number 205
 Immunogold labelling
 confirms the presence of COPI-proteins at the periphery of the Golgi stacks,
 and COPII-proteins at the ER-Golgi interface.

>sen4 in abstract number 205
 After addition of BFA (10
 microg/ml) a marked increase in the number of vesicular profiles lying
 between the ER and the Golgi stacks is seen.

>sen5 in abstract number 205
 Serial sections of cells do not
 provide any evidence for the existence of tubular connections between the ER
 and the Golgi stacks, supporting the notion that COPI- but not COPII-vesicle
 production is affected by BFA.

>sen6 in abstract number 205
 The fusion of COPII-vesicles at the CIS-Golgi
 apparatus apparently requires the presence of retrograde COPI-vesicles.

>sen7 in abstract number 205
 After
 15 min the cisternae of neighbouring Golgi stacks begin to fuse forming ""meg
a-Golgis"", which gradually curl before fragmenting into clusters of vesicles
 and tubules.

>sen8 in abstract number 205
 These are surrounded by the transitional ER on which
 vesicle-budding profiles are still occasionally visible.

>sen9 in abstract number 205
 Golgi remnants
 continue to survive for several hours and do not completely disappear.

>sen10 in abstract number 205

 Washing out BFA leads to a very rapid reassembly of Golgi cisternae.

>sen11 in abstract number 205
 At
 first, clusters of vesicles are seen adjacent to transitional ER, then ""mini
 Golgis"" are seen whose cisternae grow in length and number to produce ""mega
 Golgis"".

>sen12 in abstract number 205
 These structures then divide by vertical fission to produce Golgi
 stacks of normal size and morphology roughly 60 min after drug wash-out

>sen1 in abstract number 206
TPLATE was previously identified as a potential cytokinesis
 protein targeted to the cell plate.

>sen2 in abstract number 206
 Disruption of TPLATE in Arabidopsis
 thaliana leads to the production of shriveled pollen unable to germinate.

>sen3 in abstract number 206

 Vesicular compartmentalization of the mature pollen is dramatically altered,
 and large callose deposits accumulate near the intine cell wall layer.

>sen4 in abstract number 206
 Green
 fluorescent protein (GFP)-tagged TPLATE expression under the control of the
 pollen promoter Lat52 complements the phenotype.

>sen5 in abstract number 206
 Downregulation of TPLATE in
 Arabidopsis seedlings and tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum) BY-2 suspension cells
 results in crooked cell walls and cell plates that fail to insert into the
 mother wall.

>sen6 in abstract number 206
 Besides accumulating at the cell plate, GFP-fused TPLATE is
 temporally targeted to a narrow zone at the cell cortex where the cell plate
 connects to the mother wall.

>sen7 in abstract number 206
 TPLATE-GFP also localizes to subcellular
 structures that accumulate at the pollen tube exit site in germinating
 pollen.

>sen8 in abstract number 206
 Ectopic callose depositions observed in mutant pollen also occur in
 RNA interference plants, suggesting that TPLATE is implicated in cell wall
 modification.

>sen9 in abstract number 206
 TPLATE contains domains similar to adaptin and beta-COP coat
 proteins.

>sen10 in abstract number 206
 These data suggest that TPLATE functions in vesicle-trafficking
 events required for site-specific cell wall modifications during pollen
 germination and for anchoring of the cell plate to the mother wall at the
 correct cortical position

>sen1 in abstract number 207
Coat protein I (COPI) vesicles arise from Golgi cisternae and
 mediate the recycling of proteins from the Golgi back to the endoplasmic
 reticulum (ER) and the transport of Golgi resident proteins between
 cisternae.

>sen2 in abstract number 207
 In vitro studies have produced evidence for two distinct types of
 COPI vesicles, but the in vivo sites of operation of these vesicles remain to
 be established.

>sen3 in abstract number 207
 We have used a combination of electron tomography and
 immunolabeling techniques to examine Golgi stacks and associated vesicles in
 the cells of the scale-producing alga Scherffelia dubia and Arabidopsis
 preserved by high-pressure freezing/freeze-substitution methods.

>sen4 in abstract number 207
 Five
 structurally distinct types of vesicles were distinguished.

>sen5 in abstract number 207
 In Arabidopsis,
 COPI and COPII vesicle coat proteins as well as vesicle cargo molecules
 (mannosidase I and sialyltransferase-yellow fluorescent protein) were
 identified by immunogold labeling.

>sen6 in abstract number 207
 In both organisms, the COPI-type vesicles
 were further characterized by a combination of six structural criteria: coat
 architecture, coat thickness, membrane structure, cargo staining, cisternal
 origin, and spatial distribution.

>sen7 in abstract number 207
 Using this multiparameter structural
 approach, we can distinguish two types of COPI vesicles, COPIa and COPIb.

>sen8 in abstract number 207

 COPIa vesicles bud exclusively from cis cisternae and occupy the space
 between cis cisternae and ER export sites, whereas the COPIb vesicles bud
 exclusively from medial- and trans-Golgi cisternae and are confined to the
 space around these latter cisternae.

>sen9 in abstract number 207
 We conclude that COPIa vesicle-mediated
 recycling to the ER occurs only from cis cisternae, that retrograde transport
 of Golgi resident proteins by COPIb vesicles is limited to medial and trans
 cisternae, and that diffusion of periGolgi vesicles is restricted

>sen1 in abstract number 208
Brefeldin-A ADP-ribosylated substrate (BARS) and dynamin
 function in membrane fission in distinct intracellular transport pathways,
 but whether their functions are mechanistically similar is unclear.

>sen2 in abstract number 208
 Here, we
 show that ARFGAP1, a GTPase-activating protein (GAP) for ADP-ribosylation
 factor 1 (ARF1), couples to either BARS or endophilin B for vesicle formation
 by the coat protein I (COPI) complex - a finding that reveals an
 unanticipated mechanistic flexibility in mammalian COPI transport.

>sen3 in abstract number 208
 Because
 dynamin is coupled to endophilin A in vesicle formation by the clathrin-coat
 complex, our finding also predicts that dynamin and ARF GAPs are likely to be
 functional counterparts in membrane fission among different transport
 pathways that connect intracellular membrane compartments

>sen1 in abstract number 209
Phosphatidylinositol 4-phosphate 5-kinases [PtdIns4P5Ks]
 synthesise the majority of cellular phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate
 [PtdIns(4,5)P(2)] and phospholipase D1 (PLD1) synthesises large amounts of
 phosphatidic acid (PtdOH).

>sen2 in abstract number 209
 The activities of PtdIns4P5Ks and PLDs are thought
 to be coupled during cell signalling in order to support large simultaneous
 increases in both PtdIns(4,5)P(2) and PtdOH, since PtdOH activates
 PtdIns4P5Ks and PLD1 requires PtdIns(4,5)P(2) as a cofactor.

>sen3 in abstract number 209
 However, little
 is known about the control of such a system.

>sen4 in abstract number 209
 Membrane recruitment of
 ADP-ribosylation factors (Arfs) activates both PtdIns4P5Ks and PLDs, but it
 is not known if each enzyme is controlled in series by different Arfs or in
 parallel by a single form.

>sen5 in abstract number 209
 We show through pull-down and vesicle
 sedimentation interaction assays that PtdIns4P5K activation may be
 facilitated by Arf-enhanced membrane association.

>sen6 in abstract number 209
 However PtdIns4P5Ks
 discriminate poorly between near homogeneously myristoylated Arf1 and Arf6
 although examples of all three known active isoforms (mouse alpha>beta,
 gamma) respond to these G-proteins.

>sen7 in abstract number 209
 Conversely PLD1 genuinely prefers Arf1
 and so the two lipid metabolising enzymes are differentially controlled.

>sen8 in abstract number 209
 We
 propose that isoform selective Arf/PLD interaction and not Arf/PtdIns4P5K
 will be the critical trigger in the formation of distinct, optimal triples of
 Arf/PLDs/PtdIns4P5Ks and be the principle regulator of any coupled increases
 in the signalling lipids PtdIns(4,5)P(2) and PtdOH

>sen1 in abstract number 210
Drs2p, the catalytic subunit of the Cdc50p-Drs2p putative
 aminophospholipid translocase, has been implicated in conjunction with the
 Arf1 signaling pathway in the formation of clathrin-coated vesicles (CCVs)
 from the TGN.

>sen2 in abstract number 210
 Herein, we searched for Arf regulator genes whose mutations
 were synthetically lethal with cdc50Delta, and identified the Arf GAP gene
 GCS1.

>sen3 in abstract number 210
 Most of the examined transport pathways in the Cdc50p-depleted
 gcs1Delta mutant were nearly normal, including endocytic transport to
 vacuoles, carboxypeptidase Y sorting, and the processing and secretion of
 invertase.

>sen4 in abstract number 210
 In contrast, this mutant exhibited severe defects in the early
 endosome-to-TGN transport pathway; proteins that are transported via this
 pathway, such as the v-SNARE Snc1p, the t-SNARE Tlg1p, and the chitin
 synthase III subunit Chs3p, accumulated in TGN-independent aberrant membrane
 structures.

>sen5 in abstract number 210
 We extended our analyses to clathrin adaptors, and found that
 Gga1p/Gga2p and AP-1 were also involved in this pathway.

>sen6 in abstract number 210
 The Cdc50p-depleted
 gga1Delta gga2Delta mutant and the gcs1Delta apl2Delta (the beta1 subunit of
 AP-1) mutant exhibited growth defects and intracellular Snc1p-containing
 membranes accumulated in these cells.

>sen7 in abstract number 210
 These results suggest that Cdc50p-Drs2p
 plays an important role in the Arf1p-mediated formation of CCVs for the
 retrieval pathway from early endosomes to the TGN

>sen1 in abstract number 211
The clathrin, COPI and COPII scaffolds are paradigm vesicle
 coats in membrane trafficking.

>sen2 in abstract number 211
 Recent advances in our understanding of the
 caveolar coat have generated a new paradigm.

>sen3 in abstract number 211
 It represents those membrane
 coats, where a considerable part of the protein component is lipid modified,
 and integrated into the cytosolic leaflet of the vesicle membrane by a
 hairpin-like hydrophobic structure.

>sen4 in abstract number 211
 Such coat proteins are permanently
 associated with membranes, and form oligomers early after synthesis.

>sen5 in abstract number 211
 These
 oligomers assemble into a coat that has high affinity for particular lipids,
 creating lipid microdomains within the membrane.

>sen6 in abstract number 211
 The combined protein-lipid
 structure should be considered as the scaffold that entraps ligands, either
 through affinity with the protein or with the lipid component, and that has
 the ability to shape membranes.

>sen7 in abstract number 211
 Besides scaffolds assembled by caveolins,
 scaffolds assembled by reticulons and PHB domain-containing proteins such as
 the reggie/flotillin proteins fit this paradigm

>sen1 in abstract number 212
The polar growth of plant cells depends on the secretion of a
 large amount of membrane and cell wall materials at the growing tip to
 sustain rapid growth.

>sen2 in abstract number 212
 Small GTP-binding proteins, such as Rho-related GTPases
 from plants and ADP-ribosylation factors (ARFs), have been shown to play
 important roles in polar growth via regulating intracellular membrane
 trafficking.

>sen3 in abstract number 212
 To investigate the role of membrane trafficking in plant
 development, a Dissociation insertion line that disrupted a putative ARF
 GTPase-activating protein (ARFGAP) gene, AT2G35210, was identified in
 Arabidopsis (Arabidopsis thaliana).

>sen4 in abstract number 212
 Phenotypic analysis showed that the
 mutant seedlings developed isotropically expanded, short, and branched root
 hairs.

>sen5 in abstract number 212
 Pollen germination in vitro indicated that the pollen tube growth rate
 was slightly affected in the mutant.

>sen6 in abstract number 212
 AT2G35210 is specifically expressed in
 roots, pollen grains, and pollen tubes; therefore, it is designated as ROOT
 AND POLLEN ARFGAP (RPA).

>sen7 in abstract number 212
 RPA encodes a protein with an N-terminal ARFGAP
 domain.

>sen8 in abstract number 212
 Subcellular localization experiments showed that RPA is localized at
 the Golgi complexes via its 79 C-terminal amino acids.

>sen9 in abstract number 212
 We further showed that
 RPA possesses ARF GTPase-activating activity and specifically activates
 Arabidopsis ARF1 and ARF1-like protein U5 in vitro.

>sen10 in abstract number 212
 Furthermore, RPA
 complemented Saccharomyces cerevisiae glo3Delta gcs1Delta double mutant,
 which suggested that RPA functions as an ARFGAP during vesicle transport
 between the Golgi and the endoplasmic reticulum.

>sen11 in abstract number 212
 Together, we demonstrated
 that RPA plays a role in root hair and pollen tube growth, most likely
 through the regulation of Arabidopsis ARF1 and ARF1-like protein U5 activity

>sen1 in abstract number 213
The sorting determinants of glycinin, a soybean (Glycine max)
 11S globulin, which mediates protein targeting to the protein storage vacuole
 (PSV), were investigated in maturing soybean cotyledons by transient
 expression assays.

>sen2 in abstract number 213
 A C-terminal stretch of 10 amino acids of A1aB1b, a
 glycinin group I subunit, was sufficient to direct green fluorescent protein
 (GFP) to the PSV.

>sen3 in abstract number 213
 This peptide may correspond to a C-terminal vacuolar
 sorting determinant (ctVSD).

>sen4 in abstract number 213
 Because functional inhibition of this putative
 ctVSD of A1aB1b did not block PSV sorting of A1aB1b, we used the
 three-dimensional structure of A1aB1b to identify candidates for a
 sequence-specific determinant (ssVSD).

>sen5 in abstract number 213
 We found that the sequence downstream
 of disordered region 4 could direct GFP to the PSV and that Ile-297 is
 critical for sorting.

>sen6 in abstract number 213
 However, functional inhibition of the ctVSD, combined
 with the Ile297Gly mutation, did not abolish the vacuolar sorting of A1aB1b,
 suggesting that A1aB1b has a third sorting determinant in addition to ctVSD
 and ssVSD.

>sen7 in abstract number 213
 A glycinin group II subunit, A3B4, lacked a ctVSD but contained a
 VSD reminiscent of an ssVSD and an additional sorting determinant.

>sen8 in abstract number 213
 We also
 demonstrate, by expression of dominant negative mutants of small GTPases and
 drug treatment experiments, that the trafficking of A1aB1b is COPII
 vesicle-dependent and wortmannin- and brefeldin A-sensitive

>sen1 in abstract number 214
Assembly and trafficking of neurotransmitter receptors are
 processes contingent upon interactions between intracellular chaperone
 systems and discrete determinants in the receptor proteins.

>sen2 in abstract number 214
 Kainate receptor
 subunits, which form ionotropic glutamate receptors with diverse roles in the
 central nervous system, contain a variety of trafficking determinants that
 promote either membrane expression or intracellular sequestration.

>sen3 in abstract number 214
 In this
 report, we identify the coatomer protein complex I (COPI) vesicle coat as a
 critical mechanism for retention of the kainate receptor subunit KA2 in the
 endoplasmic reticulum.

>sen4 in abstract number 214
 COPI subunits immunoprecipitated with KA2 subunits
 from both cerebellum and COS-7 cells, and beta-COP protein interacted
 directly with immobilized KA2 peptides containing the arginine-rich
 retention/retrieval determinant.

>sen5 in abstract number 214
 Association between COPI proteins and KA2
 subunits was significantly reduced upon alanine substitution of this signal
 in the cytoplasmic tail of KA2.

>sen6 in abstract number 214
 Temperature-sensitive degradation of COPI
 complex proteins was correlated with an increase in plasma membrane
 localization of the homologous KA2 receptor.

>sen7 in abstract number 214
 Assembly of heteromeric
 GluR6a/KA2 receptors markedly reduced association of KA2 and COPI.

>sen8 in abstract number 214
 Finally,
 the reduction in COPI binding was correlated with an increased association
 with 14-3-3 proteins, which mediate forward trafficking of other integral
 signaling proteins.

>sen9 in abstract number 214
 These interactions therefore represent a critical early
 checkpoint for biosynthesis of functional KARs

>sen1 in abstract number 215
Gcs1 is an Arf GTPase-activating protein (Arf-GAP) that mediates
 Golgi-ER and post-Golgi vesicle transport in yeast.

>sen2 in abstract number 215
 Here we show that the
 Snc1,2 v-SNAREs, which mediate endocytosis and exocytosis, interact
 physically and genetically with Gcs1.

>sen3 in abstract number 215
 Moreover, Gcs1 and the Snc v-SNAREs
 colocalize to subcellular structures that correspond to the trans-Golgi and
 endosomal compartments.

>sen4 in abstract number 215
 Studies performed in vitro demonstrate that the
 Snc-Gcs1 interaction results in the efficient binding of recombinant
 Arf1Delta17N-Q71L to the v-SNARE and the recruitment of purified coatomer.

>sen5 in abstract number 215
 In
 contrast, the presence of Snc had no effect on Gcs1 Arf-GAP activity in
 vitro, suggesting that v-SNARE binding does not attenuate Arf1 function.

>sen6 in abstract number 215

 Disruption of both the SNC and GCS1 genes results in synthetic lethality,
 whereas overexpression of either SNC gene inhibits the growth of a distinct
 subset of COPI mutants.

>sen7 in abstract number 215
 We show that GFP-Snc1 recycling to the trans-Golgi is
 impaired in gcs1Delta cells and these COPI mutants.

>sen8 in abstract number 215
 Together, these results
 suggest that Gcs1 facilitates the incorporation of the Snc v-SNAREs into COPI
 recycling vesicles and subsequent endosome-Golgi sorting in yeast

>sen1 in abstract number 216
The small GTPase Rab2 is required for membrane transport between
 the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and the Golgi complex.

>sen2 in abstract number 216
 Rab2 associates with
 pre-Golgi intermediates (also termed vesicular tubular clusters; VTCs) that
 sort cargo to the anterograde pathway from recycling proteins retrieved to
 the ER.

>sen3 in abstract number 216
 Our previous studies have shown that Rab2 stimulates atypical protein
 kinase C iota/lambda (aPKCiota/lambda) and glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate
 dehydrogenase (GAPDH) recruitment to VTCs.

>sen4 in abstract number 216
 Both aPKCiota/lambda and GAPDH
 bind directly to Rab2 and aPKCiota/lambda and GAPDH interact.

>sen5 in abstract number 216
 Based on the
 reports demonstrating aPKCiota-Src interaction and Src activity in the
 retrograde pathway (Golgi-ER), studies were initiated to learn whether Rab2
 also promoted Src recruitment to VTCs.

>sen6 in abstract number 216
 Using a quantitative membrane binding
 assay, we found that Rab2-stimulated Src membrane association in a
 dose-dependent manner.

>sen7 in abstract number 216
 The recruited Src binds to aPKCiota/lambda and GAPDH
 on the membrane; however, Src does not interact with Rab2.

>sen8 in abstract number 216
 The
 membrane-associated Src tyrosine phosphorylates aPKCiota/lambda on the VTC.

>sen9 in abstract number 216

 To determine the consequence of aPKCiota/lambda tyrosine phosphorylation, the
 membrane binding assay was supplemented with the Src-specific tyrosine kinase
 inhibitor 4-amino-5-(4-chlorophenyl)-7-(t-butyl)pyrazolo(3,4-d)pyrimidine
 (PP2).

>sen10 in abstract number 216
 Although Rab2, Src, and GAPDH recruitment was not affected, the
 Rab2-PP2-treated membranes contained a negligible amount of aPKCiota/lambda.

>sen11 in abstract number 216

 Since Rab2 requires aPKCiota/lambda for the downstream recruitment of
 beta-coat protein (beta-COP) to VTCs, the Rab2-PP2-treated membranes were
 evaluated for the presence of beta-COP.

>sen12 in abstract number 216
 Like aPKCiota/lambda, the membranes
 contained a negligible amount of beta-COP that was reflected by the drastic
 reduction in Rab2-dependent vesicle formation.

>sen13 in abstract number 216
 These data suggest that
 Src-mediated tyrosine phosphorylation of aPKCiota/lambda facilitates
 aPKCiota/lambda association with Rab2-Src-GAPDH on VTCs, which is ultimately
 necessary for the downstream recruitment of beta-COP and release of
 Rab2-mediated retrograde-directed vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 217
The cilium/flagellum is a sensory-motile organelle ancestrally
 present in eukaryotic cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 217
 For assembly cilia universally rely on
 intraflagellar transport (IFT), a specialised bidirectional transport process
 mediated by the ancestral and conserved IFT complex.

>sen3 in abstract number 217
 Based on the homology of
 IFT complex proteins to components of coat protein I (COPI) and
 clathrin-coated vesicles, we propose that the non- vesicular, membrane-bound
 IFT evolved as a specialised form of coated vesicle transport from a
 protocoatomer complex.

>sen4 in abstract number 217
 IFT thus shares common ancestry with all protocoatomer
 derivatives, including all vesicle coats and the nuclear pore complex (NPC).

>sen5 in abstract number 217

 This has major implications for the evolutionary origin of the cilium.

>sen6 in abstract number 217
 First,
 it reinforces the tenet that duplication and divergence of pre-existing
 structures, rather than symbiosis, were the major themes during cilium
 evolution.

>sen7 in abstract number 217
 Second, it suggests that the initial step in the autogenous origin
 of the cilium was the establishment of a membrane patch with transmembrane
 proteins transported by the ancestral vesicle-coating IFT complex.

>sen8 in abstract number 217
 We propose
 a scenario for how the initial membrane patch gradually protruded to enhance
 exposure to the environment, then started to move, and finally
 compartmentalised to render receptor signalling and ciliary beating more
 efficient

>sen1 in abstract number 218
Arf proteins play pivotal roles in membrane traffic, cell
 signaling, and actin cytoskeletal rearrangements.

>sen2 in abstract number 218
 We describe here methods to
 functionally analyze interacting partner proteins of recombinantly produced
 N-myristoylated Arf6.

>sen3 in abstract number 218
 Combined evidence from affinity purification and
 chemical crosslinking experiments, in vitro recruitment assays, and the
 analysis of lipid kinase activities indicates that Arf6-GTP facilitates
 clathrin/AP-2 recruitment to synaptic membranes by direct binding and
 activation of the brain-specific phosphatidylinositol 4-phosphate 5-kinase
 type Igamma (PIPK Igamma).

>sen4 in abstract number 218
 These methods shall help to mechanistically
 dissect the role of Arf6 in regulating exo-endocytic vesicle cycling at
 synapses and in related membrane trafficking events

>sen1 in abstract number 219
Function of the secretory pathway is intimately connected to the
 cytoskeleton.

>sen2 in abstract number 219
 Cytoskeletal dynamics and molecular motors are involved in
 organelle morphology and positioning, as well as the formation and
 translocation of trafficking intermediates such as vesicles.

>sen3 in abstract number 219
 At least three
 classes of small GTPases, the ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF), Rho, and Rab
 families, have been implicated in regulating cytoskeletal dynamics and
 molecular motor function within the secretory pathway.

>sen4 in abstract number 219
 We have used the
 reconstitution of transport vesicle formation on isolated Golgi membranes to
 characterize mechanisms of ARF1 regulated actin polymerization.

>sen5 in abstract number 219
 ARF1 affects
 cytoskeletal function in part by recruiting a complex between the
 vesicle-coat protein, coatomer, and the Rho-related GTPase, Cdc42, to the
 Golgi apparatus.

>sen6 in abstract number 219
 Cdc42 can activate actin polymerization on Golgi membranes
 through an Arp2/3-dependent mechanism.

>sen7 in abstract number 219
 Coatomer-bound Cdc42 plays a further
 role in regulating vesicle motility via the motor protein, dynein.

>sen8 in abstract number 219
 Future
 studies elucidating the molecular mechanisms connecting vesicular transport
 with actin dynamics will provide important clues to the overall contribution
 of the cytoskeleton and molecular motors to protein transport.

>sen9 in abstract number 219
 This article
 describes methods and reagents for characterizing cytoskeletal regulation at
 the Golgi apparatus through the cell-free reconstitution of vesicle formation

>sen1 in abstract number 220
Transport protein particle (TRAPP), a large complex that
 mediates membrane traffic, is found in two forms (TRAPPI and -II).

>sen2 in abstract number 220
 Both
 complexes share seven subunits, whereas three subunits (Trs130p, -120p, and
 -65p) are specific to TRAPPII.

>sen3 in abstract number 220
 Previous studies have shown that mutations in
 the TRAPPII-specific gene trs130 block traffic through or from the Golgi.

>sen4 in abstract number 220

 Surprisingly, we report that mutations in trs120 do not block general
 secretion.

>sen5 in abstract number 220
 Instead, trs120 mutants accumulate aberrant membrane structures
 that resemble Berkeley bodies and disrupt the traffic of proteins that
 recycle through the early endosome.

>sen6 in abstract number 220
 Mutants defective in recycling also
 display a defect in the localization of coat protein I (COPI) subunits,
 implying that Trs120p may participate in a COPI-dependent trafficking step on
 the early endosomal pathway.

>sen7 in abstract number 220
 Furthermore, we demonstrate that Trs120p largely
 colocalizes with the late Golgi marker Sec7p.

>sen8 in abstract number 220
 Our findings imply that Trs120p
 is required for vesicle traffic from the early endosome to the late Golgi

>sen1 in abstract number 221
The core complex of Coat Protein I (COPI), known as coatomer, is
 sufficient to induce coated vesicular-like structures from liposomal
 membrane.

>sen2 in abstract number 221
 In the context of biological Golgi membrane, both
 palmitoyl-coenzyme A (p-coA) and ARFGAP1, a GTPase-activating protein (GAP)
 for ADP-Ribosylation Factor 1, also participate in vesicle formation, but how
 their roles may be linked remains unknown.

>sen3 in abstract number 221
 Moreover, whether COPI vesicle
 formation from Golgi membrane requires additional factors also remains
 unclear.

>sen4 in abstract number 221
 We now show that Brefeldin-A ADP-Ribosylated Substrate (BARS) plays
 a critical role in the fission step of COPI vesicle formation from Golgi
 membrane.

>sen5 in abstract number 221
 This role of BARS requires its interaction with ARFGAP1, which is
 in turn regulated oppositely by p-coA and nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide,
 which act as cofactors of BARS.

>sen6 in abstract number 221
 Our findings not only identify a new factor
 needed for COPI vesicle formation from Golgi membrane but also reveal a
 surprising mechanism by which the roles of p-coA and GAP are linked in this
 process

>sen1 in abstract number 222
Tomato bushy stunt virus (TBSV), a positive-strand RNA virus,
 causes extensive inward vesiculations of the peroxisomal boundary membrane
 and formation of peroxisomal multivesicular bodies (pMVBs).

>sen2 in abstract number 222
 Although pMVBs
 are known to contain protein components of the viral membrane-bound RNA
 replication complex, the mechanisms of protein targeting to peroxisomal
 membranes and participation in pMVB biogenesis are not well understood.

>sen3 in abstract number 222
 We
 show that the TBSV 33-kD replication protein (p33), expressed on its own,
 targets initially from the cytosol to peroxisomes, causing their progressive
 aggregation and eventually the formation of peroxisomal ghosts.

>sen4 in abstract number 222
 These altered
 peroxisomes are distinct from pMVBs; they lack internal vesicles and are
 surrounded by novel cytosolic vesicles that contain p33 and appear to be
 derived from evaginations of the peroxisomal boundary membrane.

>sen5 in abstract number 222
 Concomitant
 with these changes in peroxisomes, p33 and resident peroxisomal membrane
 proteins are relocalized to the peroxisomal endoplasmic reticulum (pER)
 subdomain.

>sen6 in abstract number 222
 This sorting of p33 is disrupted by the coexpression of a
 dominant-negative mutant of ADP-ribosylation factor1, implicating coatomer in
 vesicle formation at peroxisomes.

>sen7 in abstract number 222
 Mutational analysis of p33 revealed that
 its intracellular sorting is also mediated by several targeting signals,
 including three peroxisomal targeting elements that function cooperatively,
 plus a pER targeting signal resembling an Arg-based motif responsible for
 vesicle-mediated retrieval of escaped ER membrane proteins from the Golgi.

>sen8 in abstract number 222

 These results provide insight into virus-induced intracellular rearrangements
 and reveal a peroxisome-to-pER sorting pathway, raising new mechanistic
 questions regarding the biogenesis of peroxisomes in plants

>sen1 in abstract number 223
The organization and sorting of proteins within the Golgi stack
 to establish and maintain its cis to trans polarization remains an enigma.

>sen2 in abstract number 223

 The function of Golgi compartments involves coat assemblages that facilitate
 vesicle traffic, Rab-tether-SNAP receptor (SNARE) machineries that dictate
 membrane identity, as well as matrix components that maintain structure.

>sen3 in abstract number 223
 We
 have investigated how the Golgi complex achieves compartmentalization in
 response to a key component of the coat complex I (COPI) coat assembly
 pathway, the ARF1 GTPase, in relationship to GTPases-regulating endoplasmic
 reticulum (ER) exit (Sar1) and targeting fusion (Rab1).

>sen4 in abstract number 223
 Following collapse of
 the Golgi into the ER in response to inhibition of activation of ARF1 by
 Brefeldin A, we found that Sar1- and Rab1-dependent Golgi reformation took
 place at multiple peripheral and perinuclear ER exit sites.

>sen5 in abstract number 223
 These rapidly
 converged into immature Golgi that appeared as onion-like structures composed
 of multiple concentrically arrayed cisternae of mixed enzyme composition.

>sen6 in abstract number 223

 During clustering to the perinuclear region, Golgi enzymes were sorted to
 achieve the degree of polarization within the stack found in mature Golgi.

>sen7 in abstract number 223

 Surprisingly, we found that sorting of Golgi enzymes into their
 subcompartments was insensitive to the dominant negative GTP-restricted ARF1
 mutant, a potent inhibitor of COPI coat disassembly and vesicular traffic.

>sen8 in abstract number 223
 We
 suggest that a COPI-independent, Rab-dependent mechanism is involved in the
 rapid reorganization of resident enzymes within the Golgi stack following
 synchronized release from the ER, suggesting an important role for Rab hubs
 in directing Golgi polarization

>sen1 in abstract number 224
Arginine-based endoplasmic reticulum (ER)-localization signals
 are sorting motifs that are involved in the biosynthetic transport of
 multimeric membrane proteins.

>sen2 in abstract number 224
 After their discovery in the invariant chain of
 the major histocompatibility complex class II, several hallmarks of these
 signals have emerged.

>sen3 in abstract number 224
 They occur in polytopic membrane proteins that are
 subunits of membrane protein complexes; the presence of the signal maintains
 improperly assembled subunits in the ER by retention or retrieval until it is
 masked as a result of heteromultimeric assembly.

>sen4 in abstract number 224
 A distinct consensus
 sequence and their position independence with respect to the distal termini
 of the protein distinguish them from other ER-sorting motifs.

>sen5 in abstract number 224
 Recognition by
 the coatomer (COPI) vesicle coat explains ER retrieval.

>sen6 in abstract number 224
 Often, di-leucine
 endocytic signals occur close to arginine-based signals.

>sen7 in abstract number 224
 Recruitment of
 14-3-3 family or PDZ-domain proteins can counteract ER-localization activity,
 as can phosphorylation.

>sen8 in abstract number 224
 This, and the occurrence of arginine-based signals in
 alternatively spliced regions, implicates them in the regulated surface
 expression of multimeric membrane proteins in addition to their function in
 quality control

>sen1 in abstract number 225
Phospholipase D (PLD) is known to play a role in vesicle
 transport through the hydrolysis of phosphatidylcholine (PC) to produce the
 bioactive lipid, phosphatidic acid.

>sen2 in abstract number 225
 Lipid droplets (LDs) are surrounded by a
 monolayer of phospholipids, including PC and its lyso derivative, and exhibit
 a number of signaling proteins.

>sen3 in abstract number 225
 Our recent report suggests that the
 association of adipose differentiation-related protein (ADRP) to LDs is
 regulated by an ADP-ribosylation factor 1 (Arf1)-dependent mechanism.

>sen4 in abstract number 225
 In the
 present study, we found an increase in PLD activity accompanied with LD
 formation in oleic acid-treated NIH3T3 cells.

>sen5 in abstract number 225
 Brefeldin A, an inhibitor of
 ARF-GEFs, suppressed both PLD activation and LD formation in oleic
 acid-treated cells.

>sen6 in abstract number 225
 PLD1, but not PLD2, was found to exist in LDs by
 immunocytochemical analysis.

>sen7 in abstract number 225
 Furthermore, co-existence of PLD1, Arf1, and
 ADRP was observed in the LD-enriched subcellular fractions obtained from
 oleic acid-treated NIH3T3 cells by Western blot analysis.

>sen8 in abstract number 225
 PLD1 activity in
 the LD-enriched fractions was stimulated by exogenously added Arf1.

>sen9 in abstract number 225
 Although
 LDs were induced in either PLD1- or PLD2-overexpressing CHO cells by oleic
 acid treatment, the stimulation of PLD activity was observed only in PLD1-CHO
 cells.

>sen10 in abstract number 225
 Taken together, the data suggest that the activation of Arf1-dependent
 PLD1 occurs in LDs and may be involved in their physiological function

>sen1 in abstract number 226
The GTP switch of the small G-protein Arf1 (ADP-ribosylation
 factor 1) on lipid membranes promotes the polymerization of the COPI (coat
 protein complex I) coat, which acts as a membrane deforming shell to form
 transport vesicles.

>sen2 in abstract number 226
 Real-time measurements for coat assembly on liposomes
 gives insights into how the GTPase cycle of Arf1 is coupled in time with the
 polymerization of the COPI coat and the resulting membrane deformation.

>sen3 in abstract number 226
 One
 key parameter seems to be the membrane curvature.

>sen4 in abstract number 226
 Arf-GAP1 (where GAP stands
 for GTPase-activating protein), which promotes GTP hydrolysis in the
 Arf1-COPI complex is highly sensitive to lipid packing.

>sen5 in abstract number 226
 Its activity on
 Arf1-GTP increases by two orders of magnitude as the diameter of the
 liposomes approaches that of authentic transport vesicles (60 nm).

>sen6 in abstract number 226
 This
 suggests that during membrane budding, Arf1-GTP molecules are progressively
 eliminated from the coated area where the membrane curvature is positive, but
 are protected from Arf-GAP1 at the bud neck due to the negative curvature of
 this region.

>sen7 in abstract number 226
 As a result, the coat should be stable as long as the bud
 remains attached and should disassemble as soon as membrane fission occurs

>sen1 in abstract number 227
Poliovirus infection results in the disintegration of
 intracellular membrane structures and formation of specific vesicles that
 serve as sites for replication of viral RNA.

>sen2 in abstract number 227
 The mechanism of membrane
 rearrangement has not been clearly defined.

>sen3 in abstract number 227
 Replication of poliovirus is
 sensitive to brefeldin A (BFA), a fungal metabolite known to prevent normal
 function of the ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF) family of small GTPases.

>sen4 in abstract number 227
 During
 normal membrane trafficking in uninfected cells, ARFs are involved in vesicle
 formation from different intracellular sites through interaction with
 numerous regulatory and coat proteins as well as in regulation of
 phospholipase D activity and cytoskeleton modifications.

>sen5 in abstract number 227
 We demonstrate here
 that ARFs 3 and 5, but not ARF6, are translocated to membranes in HeLa cell
 extracts that are engaged in translation of poliovirus RNA.

>sen6 in abstract number 227
 The accumulation
 of ARFs on membranes correlates with active replication of poliovirus RNA in
 vitro, whereas ARF translocation to membranes does not occur in the presence
 of BFA.

>sen7 in abstract number 227
 ARF translocation can be induced independently by synthesis of
 poliovirus 3A or 3CD proteins, and we describe mutations that abolished this
 activity.

>sen8 in abstract number 227
 In infected HeLa cells, an ARF1-enhanced green fluorescent protein
 fusion redistributes from Golgi stacks to the perinuclear region, where
 poliovirus RNA replication occurs.

>sen9 in abstract number 227
 Taken together, the data suggest an
 involvement of ARF in poliovirus RNA replication

>sen1 in abstract number 228
Cytoskeletal dynamics at the Golgi apparatus are regulated in
 part through a binding interaction between the Golgi-vesicle coat protein,
 coatomer, and the regulatory GTP-binding protein Cdc42 (Wu, W.

>sen2 in abstract number 228
J., J.

>sen3 in abstract number 228
W.

>sen4 in abstract number 228

 Erickson, R.

>sen5 in abstract number 228
 Lin, and R.

>sen6 in abstract number 228
A.

>sen7 in abstract number 228
 Cerione. 2000.

>sen8 in abstract number 228
 Nature. 405:800-804; Fucini, R.

>sen9 in abstract number 228
V.,
 J.

>sen10 in abstract number 228
L.

>sen11 in abstract number 228
 Chen, C.

>sen12 in abstract number 228
 Sharma, M.

>sen13 in abstract number 228
M.

>sen14 in abstract number 228
 Kessels, and M.

>sen15 in abstract number 228
 Stamnes. 2002.

>sen16 in abstract number 228
 Mol.

>sen17 in abstract number 228
 Biol.

>sen18 in abstract number 228
 Cell.
 13:621-631).

>sen19 in abstract number 228
 The precise role of this complex has not been determined.

>sen20 in abstract number 228
 We
 have analyzed the protein composition of Golgi-derived coat protomer I
 (COPI)-coated vesicles after activating or inhibiting signaling through
 coatomer-bound Cdc42.

>sen21 in abstract number 228
 We show that Cdc42 has profound effects on the
 recruitment of dynein to COPI vesicles.

>sen22 in abstract number 228
 Cdc42, when bound to coatomer,
 inhibits dynein binding to COPI vesicles whereas preventing the
 coatomer-Cdc42 interaction stimulates dynein binding.

>sen23 in abstract number 228
 Dynein recruitment was
 found to involve actin dynamics and dynactin.

>sen24 in abstract number 228
 Reclustering of
 nocodazole-dispersed Golgi stacks and microtubule/dynein-dependent
 ER-to-Golgi transport are both sensitive to disrupting Cdc42 mediated
 signaling.

>sen25 in abstract number 228
 By contrast, dynein-independent transport to the Golgi complex is
 insensitive to mutant Cdc42.

>sen26 in abstract number 228
 We propose a model for how proper temporal
 regulation of motor-based vesicle translocation could be coupled to the
 completion of vesicle formation

>sen1 in abstract number 229
Despite the ubiquitous presence of the COPI, COPII, and clathrin
 vesicle budding machineries in all eukaryotes, the organization of the
 secretory pathway in plants differs significantly from that in yeast and
 mammalian cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 229
 Mobile Golgi stacks and the lack of both transitional
 endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and a distinct ER-to-Golgi intermediate
 compartment are the most prominent distinguishing morphological features of
 the early secretory pathway in plants.

>sen3 in abstract number 229
 Although the formation of COPI
 vesicles at periphery of Golgi cisternae has been demonstrated in plants,
 exit from the ER has been difficult to visualize, and the spatial
 relationship of this event is now a matter of controversy.

>sen4 in abstract number 229
 Using tobacco
 (Nicotiana tabacum) BY-2 cells, which represent a highly active secretory
 system, we have used two approaches to investigate the location and dynamics
 of COPII binding to the ER and the relationship of these ER exit sites (ERES)
 to the Golgi apparatus.

>sen5 in abstract number 229
 On the one hand, we have identified endogenous COPII
 using affinity purified antisera generated against selected COPII-coat
 proteins (Sar1, Sec13, and Sec23); on the other hand, we have prepared a BY-2
 cell line expressing Sec13:green fluorescent protein (GFP) to perform live
 cell imaging with red fluorescent protein-labeled ER or Golgi stacks.

>sen6 in abstract number 229
 COPII
 binding to the ER in BY-2 cells is visualized as fluorescent punctate
 structures uniformly distributed over the surface of the ER, both after
 antibody staining as well as by Sec13:GFP expression.

>sen7 in abstract number 229
 These structures are
 smaller and greatly outnumber the Golgi stacks.

>sen8 in abstract number 229
 They are stationary, but have
 an extremely short half-life (<10 s).

>sen9 in abstract number 229
 Without correlative imaging data on the
 export of membrane or lumenal ER cargo it was not possible to equate
 unequivocally these COPII binding loci with ERES.

>sen10 in abstract number 229
 When a GDP-fixed Sar1
 mutant is expressed, ER export is blocked and the visualization of COPII
 binding is perturbed.

>sen11 in abstract number 229
 On the other hand, when secretion is inhibited by
 brefeldin A, COPII binding sites on the ER remain visible even after the
 Golgi apparatus has been lost.

>sen12 in abstract number 229
 Live cell imaging in a confocal laser scanning
 microscope equipped with spinning disk optics allowed us to investigate the
 relationship between mobile Golgi stacks and COPII binding sites.

>sen13 in abstract number 229
 As they
 move, Golgi stacks temporarily associated with COPII binding sites at their
 rims.

>sen14 in abstract number 229
 Golgi stacks were visualized with their peripheries partially or fully
 occupied with COPII.

>sen15 in abstract number 229
 In the latter case, Golgi stacks had the appearance of a
 COPII halo.

>sen16 in abstract number 229
 Slow moving Golgi stacks tended to have more peripheral COPII
 than faster moving ones.

>sen17 in abstract number 229
 However, some stationary Golgi stacks entirely
 lacking COPII were also observed.

>sen18 in abstract number 229
 Our results indicate that, in a cell type
 with highly mobile Golgi stacks like tobacco BY-2, the Golgi apparatus is not
 continually linked to a single ERES.

>sen19 in abstract number 229
 By contrast, Golgi stacks associate
 intermittently and sometimes concurrently with several ERES as they move

>sen1 in abstract number 230
One of the characteristics of the mammalian Golgi is its
 position adjacent to the nucleus.

>sen2 in abstract number 230
 This characteristic is maintained through
 the action of the microtubule (MT) minus end-directed motor dynein and
 MT-associated proteins (MAPs).

>sen3 in abstract number 230
 Recent findings suggest that GMAP-210, a
 member of the golgin family of proteins, may help to link Golgi membranes and
 vesicles with the MT cytoskeleton.

>sen4 in abstract number 230
 However, there are good grounds to doubt
 that either GMAP-210 or its yeast homologue Rud3p is a MAP.

>sen5 in abstract number 230
 Instead, they
 appear to function in vesicle trafficking events at the Golgi together with
 the GTPase ARF1 and a small membrane protein, Erv14.

>sen6 in abstract number 230
 As such, the interesting
 question of how the Golgi interacts with MTs may well remain open to further
 investigation

>sen1 in abstract number 231
Vesicular transport from the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) to the
 Golgi complex constitutes the initial step in protein secretion.

>sen2 in abstract number 231
 COPII-coated
 vesicles mediate the export of newly synthesized proteins from the ER, and
 this transport step is coupled with COPI-mediated retrograde traffic to form
 a transport circuit that supports the compositional asymmetry of the ER-Golgi
 system.

>sen3 in abstract number 231
 Biochemical and structural studies have advanced our understanding of
 the mechanisms that control vesicle formation and cargo-protein capture.

>sen4 in abstract number 231

 Recent work has highlighted the function of transitional ER regions in
 specifying the location of COPII budding

>sen1 in abstract number 232
The transport of proteins between the endoplasmic reticulum (ER)
 and the Golgi apparatus in plants is an exciting and constantly expanding
 topic, which has attracted much attention in recent years.

>sen2 in abstract number 232
 The study of
 protein transport within the secretory pathway is a relatively new field,
 dating back to the 1970s for mammalian cells and considerably later for
 plants.

>sen3 in abstract number 232
 This may explain why COPI- and COPII-mediated transport between the
 ER and the Golgi in plants is only now becoming clear, while the existence of
 these pathways in other organisms is relatively well documented.

>sen4 in abstract number 232
 We summarize
 current knowledge of these protein transport routes, as well as highlighting
 key differences between those of plant systems and those of mammals and
 yeast.

>sen5 in abstract number 232
 These differences have necessitated the study of plant-specific
 aspects of protein transport in the early secretory pathway, and this review
 discusses recent developments in this area.

>sen6 in abstract number 232
 Advances in live-cell-imaging
 technology have allowed the observation of protein movement in vivo, giving a
 new insight into many of the processes involved in vesicle formation and
 protein trafficking.

>sen7 in abstract number 232
 The use of these new technologies has been combined with
 more traditional methods, such as protein biochemistry and electron
 microscopy, to increase our understanding of the transport routes in the cell

>sen1 in abstract number 233
In this report, we characterize GIV (Galpha-interacting
 vesicle-associated protein), a novel protein that binds members of the
 Galpha(i) and Galpha subfamilies of heterotrimeric G proteins.

>sen2 in abstract number 233
 The Galpha(s)
 interaction site was mapped to an 83-amino acid region of GIV that is
 enriched in highly charged amino acids.

>sen3 in abstract number 233
 BLAST searches revealed two
 additional mammalian family members, Daple and an uncharacterized protein,
 FLJ00354.

>sen4 in abstract number 233
 These family members share the highest homology at the Galpha
 binding domain, are homologous at the N terminus and central coiled coil
 domain but diverge at the C terminus.

>sen5 in abstract number 233
 Using affinity-purified IgG made
 against two different regions of the protein, we localized GIV to COPI,
 endoplasmic reticulum (ER)-Golgi transport vesicles concentrated in the Golgi
 region in GH3 pituitary cells and COS7 cells.

>sen6 in abstract number 233
 Identification as COPI vesicles
 was based on colocalization with beta-COP, a marker for these vesicles.

>sen7 in abstract number 233
 GIV
 also codistributes in the Golgi region with endogenous calnuc and the KDEL
 receptor, which are cis Golgi markers and with Galpha(i3)-yellow fluorescent
 protein expressed in COS7 cells.

>sen8 in abstract number 233
 By immunoelectron microscopy, GIV
 colocalizes with beta-COP and Galpha(i3) on vesicles found in close proximity
 to ER exit sites and to cis Golgi cisternae.

>sen9 in abstract number 233
 In cell fractions prepared from
 rat liver, GIV is concentrated in a carrier vesicle fraction (CV2) enriched
 in ER-Golgi transport vesicles. beta-COP and several Galpha subunits
 (Galpha(i1-3), Galpha(s)) are also most enriched in CV2.

>sen10 in abstract number 233
 Our results
 demonstrate the existence of a novel Galpha-interacting protein associated
 with COPI transport vesicles that may play a role in Galpha-mediated effects
 on vesicle trafficking within the Golgi and/or between the ER and the Golgi

>sen1 in abstract number 234
The conserved oligomeric Golgi (COG) complex is an
 evolutionarily conserved multi-subunit protein complex that regulates
 membrane trafficking in eukaryotic cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 234
 In this work we used short
 interfering RNA strategy to achieve an efficient knockdown (KD) of Cog3p in
 HeLa cells.

>sen3 in abstract number 234
 For the first time, we have demonstrated that Cog3p depletion is
 accompanied by reduction in Cog1, 2, and 4 protein levels and by accumulation
 of COG complex-dependent (CCD) vesicles carrying v-SNAREs GS15 and GS28 and
 cis-Golgi glycoprotein GPP130.

>sen4 in abstract number 234
 Some of these CCD vesicles appeared to be
 vesicular coat complex I (COPI) coated.

>sen5 in abstract number 234
 A prolonged block in CCD vesicles
 tethering is accompanied by extensive fragmentation of the Golgi ribbon.

>sen6 in abstract number 234

 Fragmented Golgi membranes maintained their juxtanuclear localization,
 cisternal organization and are competent for the anterograde trafficking of
 vesicular stomatitis virus G protein to the plasma membrane.

>sen7 in abstract number 234
 In a contrast,
 Cog3p KD resulted in inhibition of retrograde trafficking of the Shiga toxin.

>sen8 in abstract number 234

 Furthermore, the mammalian COG complex physically interacts with GS28 and
 COPI and specifically binds to isolated CCD vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 235
Examining how key components of coat protein I (COPI) transport
 participate in cargo sorting, we find that, instead of ADP ribosylation
 factor 1 (ARF1), its GTPase-activating protein (GAP) plays a direct role in
 promoting the binding of cargo proteins by coatomer (the core COPI complex).

>sen2 in abstract number 235

 Activated ARF1 binds selectively to SNARE cargo proteins, with this binding
 likely to represent at least a mechanism by which activated ARF1 is
 stabilized on Golgi membrane to propagate its effector functions.

>sen3 in abstract number 235
 We also
 find that the GAP catalytic activity plays a critical role in the formation
 of COPI vesicles from Golgi membrane, in contrast to the prevailing view that
 this activity antagonizes vesicle formation.

>sen4 in abstract number 235
 Together, these findings
 indicate that GAP plays a central role in coupling cargo sorting and vesicle
 formation, with implications for simplifying models to describe how these two
 processes are coupled during COPI transport

>sen1 in abstract number 236
What is the first membrane fusion step in the secretory pathway?
 In mammals, transport vesicles coated with coat complex (COP) II deliver
 secretory cargo to vesicular tubular clusters (VTCs) that ferry cargo from
 endoplasmic reticulum exit sites to the Golgi stack.

>sen2 in abstract number 236
 However, the precise
 origin of VTCs and the membrane fusion step(s) involved have remained
 experimentally intractable.

>sen3 in abstract number 236
 Here, we document in vitro direct tethering and
 SNARE-dependent fusion of endoplasmic reticulum-derived COPII transport
 vesicles to form larger cargo containers.

>sen4 in abstract number 236
 The assembly did not require
 detectable Golgi membranes, preexisting VTCs, or COPI function.

>sen5 in abstract number 236
 Therefore,
 COPII vesicles appear to contain all of the machinery to initiate VTC
 biogenesis via homotypic fusion.

>sen6 in abstract number 236
 However, COPI function enhanced VTC
 assembly, and early VTCs acquired specific Golgi components by heterotypic
 fusion with Golgi-derived COPI vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 237
The endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and the Golgi comprise the first
 two steps in protein secretion.

>sen2 in abstract number 237
 Vesicular carriers mediate a continuous flux
 of proteins and lipids between these compartments, reflecting the transport
 of newly synthesized proteins out of the ER and the retrieval of escaped ER
 residents and vesicle machinery.

>sen3 in abstract number 237
 Anterograde and retrograde transport is
 mediated by distinct sets of cytosolic coat proteins, the COPII and COPI
 coats, respectively, which act on the membrane to capture cargo proteins into
 nascent vesicles.

>sen4 in abstract number 237
 We review the mechanisms that govern coat recruitment to
 the membrane, cargo capture into a transport vesicle, and accurate delivery
 to the target organelle

>sen1 in abstract number 238
Afadin DIL domain-interacting protein (ADIP) is a novel protein
 that binds both afadin and alpha-actinin and localizes at adherens junctions,
 which are formed by nectins and cadherins, cell-cell adhesion molecules.

>sen2 in abstract number 238

 Afadin is an actin filament (F-actin)-binding protein which connects nectins
 to the actin cytoskeleton. alpha-Actinin is another F-actin-binding protein
 that is indirectly associated with cadherins through the catenin complex.

>sen3 in abstract number 238

 ADIP is at least partly involved in the physical association of nectins and
 cadherins.

>sen4 in abstract number 238
 We show here that ADIP furthermore binds beta'-COP, a subunit of
 the coatomer complex.

>sen5 in abstract number 238
 ADIP co-localizes with beta'-COP at the Golgi complex
 in Madin Darby canine kidney and normal rat kidney cells.

>sen6 in abstract number 238
 These results
 suggest that ADIP is involved in vesicle trafficking from the Golgi to the
 endoplasmic reticulum and through the Golgi complex by interacting with the
 coatomer complex

>sen1 in abstract number 239
In the most widely accepted version of the cisternal
 maturation/progression model of intra-Golgi transport, the polarity of the
 Golgi complex is maintained by retrograde transport of Golgi enzymes in
 COPI-coated vesicles.

>sen2 in abstract number 239
 By analyzing enzyme localization in relation to the
 three-dimensional ultrastructure of the Golgi complex, we now observe that
 Golgi enzymes are depleted in COPI-coated buds and 50- to 60-nm
 COPI-dependent vesicles in a variety of different cell types.

>sen3 in abstract number 239
 Instead, we
 find that Golgi enzymes are concentrated in the perforated zones of cisternal
 rims both in vivo and in a cell-free system.

>sen4 in abstract number 239
 This lateral segregation of
 Golgi enzymes is detectable in some stacks during steady-state transport, but
 it was significantly prominent after blocking endoplasmic reticulum-to-Golgi
 transport.

>sen5 in abstract number 239
 Delivery of transport carriers to the Golgi after the release of a
 transport block leads to a diminution in Golgi enzyme concentrations in
 perforated zones of cisternae.

>sen6 in abstract number 239
 The exclusion of Golgi enzymes from COPI
 vesicles and their transport-dependent accumulation in perforated zones
 argues against the current vesicle-mediated version of the cisternal
 maturation/progression model

>sen1 in abstract number 240
Vesicle and tubule transport containers move proteins and lipids
 from one membrane system to another.

>sen2 in abstract number 240
 Newly forming transport containers
 frequently have electron-dense coats.

>sen3 in abstract number 240
 Coats coordinate the accumulation of
 cargo and sculpt the membrane.

>sen4 in abstract number 240
 Recent advances have shown that components of
 both COP1 and clathrin-adaptor coats share the same structure and the same
 motif-based cargo recognition and accessory factor recruitment mechanisms,
 which leads to insights on conserved aspects of coat recruitment,
 polymerisation and membrane deformation.

>sen5 in abstract number 240
 These themes point to the way in
 which evolutionarily conserved features underpin these diverse pathways

>sen1 in abstract number 241
Ras-like small GTP binding proteins regulate a wide variety of
 intracellular signalling and vesicular trafficking pathways in eukaryotic
 cells including plant cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 241
 They share a common structure that operates as a
 molecular switch by cycling between active GTP-bound and inactive GDP-bound
 conformational states.

>sen3 in abstract number 241
 The active GTP-bound state is regulated by guanine
 nucleotide exchange factors (GEF), which promote the exchange of GDP for GTP.

>sen4 in abstract number 241

 The inactive GDP-bound state is promoted by GTPase-activating proteins (GAPs)
 which accelerate GTP hydrolysis by orders of magnitude.

>sen5 in abstract number 241
 Two types of small
 GTP-binding proteins, ADP-ribosylation factor (Arf) and secretion-associated
 and Ras-related (Sar), are major regulators of vesicle biogenesis in
 intracellular traffic and are founding members of a growing family that also
 includes Arf-related proteins (Arp) and Arf-like (Arl) proteins.

>sen6 in abstract number 241
 The most
 widely involved small GTPase in vesicular trafficking is probably Arf1, which
 not only controls assembly of COPI- and AP1, AP3, and AP4/clathrin-coated
 vesicles but also recruits other proteins to membranes, including some that
 may be components of further coats.

>sen7 in abstract number 241
 Recent molecular, structural and
 biochemical studies have provided a wealth of detail of the interactions
 between Arf and the proteins that regulate its activity as well as providing
 clues for the types of effector molecules which are controlled by Arf.

>sen8 in abstract number 241
 Sar1
 functions as a molecular switch to control the assembly of protein coats
 (COPII) that direct vesicle budding from ER.

>sen9 in abstract number 241
 The crystallographic analysis of
 Sar1 reveals a number of structurally unique features that dictate its
 function in COPII vesicle formation.

>sen10 in abstract number 241
 In this review, I will summarize the
 current knowledge of Arf and Sar regulation in vesicular trafficking in
 mammalian and yeast cells and will highlight recent advances in identifying
 the elements involved in vesicle formation in plant cells.

>sen11 in abstract number 241
 Additionally, I
 will briefly discuss the similarities and dissimilarities of vesicle traffic
 in plant, mammalian and yeast cells

>sen1 in abstract number 242
In contrast with animals, plant cells contain multiple mobile
 Golgi stacks distributed over the entire cytoplasm.

>sen2 in abstract number 242
 However, the distribution
 and dynamics of protein export sites on the plant endoplasmic reticulum (ER)
 surface have yet to be characterized.

>sen3 in abstract number 242
 A widely accepted model for ER-to-Golgi
 transport is based on the sequential action of COPII and COPI coat complexes.

>sen4 in abstract number 242

 The COPII complex assembles by the ordered recruitment of cytosolic
 components on the ER membrane.

>sen5 in abstract number 242
 Here, we have visualized two early components
 of the COPII machinery, the small GTPase Sar1p and its GTP exchanging factor
 Sec12p in live tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum) leaf epidermal cells.

>sen6 in abstract number 242
 By in vivo
 confocal laser scanning microscopy and fluorescence recovery after
 photobleaching experiments, we show that Sar1p cycles on mobile punctate
 structures that track with the Golgi bodies in close proximity but contain
 regions that are physically separated from the Golgi bodies.

>sen7 in abstract number 242
 By contrast,
 Sec12p is uniformly distributed along the ER network and does not accumulate
 in these structures, consistent with the fact that Sec12p does not become
 part of a COPII vesicle.

>sen8 in abstract number 242
 We propose that punctate accumulation of Sar1p
 represents ER export sites (ERES).

>sen9 in abstract number 242
 The sites may represent a combination of
 Sar1p-coated ER membranes, nascent COPII membranes, and COPII vectors in
 transit, which have yet to lose their coats.

>sen10 in abstract number 242
 ERES can be induced by
 overproducing Golgi membrane proteins but not soluble bulk-flow cargos.

>sen11 in abstract number 242
 Few
 punctate Sar1p loci were observed that are independent of Golgi bodies, and
 these may be nascent ERES.

>sen12 in abstract number 242
 The vast majority of ERES form secretory units
 that move along the surface of the ER together with the Golgi bodies, but
 movement does not influence the rate of cargo transport between these two
 organelles.

>sen13 in abstract number 242
 Moreover, we could demonstrate using the drug brefeldin A that
 formation of ERES is strictly dependent on a functional retrograde transport
 route from the Golgi apparatus

>sen1 in abstract number 243
The actin cytoskeleton has been implicated in protein
 trafficking at the Golgi apparatus and in Golgi orientation and morphology.

>sen2 in abstract number 243

 Actin dynamics at the Golgi are regulated in part by recruiting Cdc42 or Rac
 to the membrane through a binding interaction with the coatomer-coated
 (COPI)-vesicle coat protein, coatomer.

>sen3 in abstract number 243
 This leads to actin polymerization
 through the effector, N-WASP and the Arp2/3 complex.

>sen4 in abstract number 243
 Here, we have used
 reconstitution of vesicle budding to test whether Arp2/3 is recruited to
 membranes during the formation of COPI vesicles.

>sen5 in abstract number 243
 Our results revealed that
 ARF1 activation leads to greatly increased Arp3 levels on the membranes.

>sen6 in abstract number 243

 Coatomer-bound Cdc42 and pre-existing F-actin are important for Arp2/3
 binding.

>sen7 in abstract number 243
 ARF1-dependent Arp2/3 recruitment and actin polymerization can be
 reconstituted on liposomal membranes, indicating that no membrane proteins
 are necessary.

>sen8 in abstract number 243
 These results show that activated ARF1 can stimulate Arp2/3
 recruitment to Golgi membranes through coatomer, Cdc42 or Rac, and N-WASP

>sen1 in abstract number 244
The p24 transmembrane proteins, also known as EMP24/GP25
 (endomembrane protein precursor of 24kD (Schimmoller et al., 1995)) proteins,
 are components of coat protein (COP)-coated vesicles and are present in
 species as diverse as fungi, plants, flies, worms, and mammals, indicating
 that they have important conserved functions.

>sen2 in abstract number 244
 Genetic, molecular, and
 biochemical characterization of these proteins and the loci that encode them
 has provided insights into their potential cellular roles, including
 postulated functions in vesicle cargo protein selection and sorting, COPI and
 COPII vesicle formation and budding, and quality control of proteins that
 mature through the secretory pathway.

>sen3 in abstract number 244
 Recently, the first mutations in a
 Drosophila melanogaster p24 gene have been isolated and characterized.

>sen4 in abstract number 244
 These
 alleles produce an interesting behavioral phenotype in females, affecting
 their ability to oviposit.

>sen5 in abstract number 244
 This identification and mutant characterization of
 a p24 locus in Drosophila will pave the way for a better understanding of
 cell-type-specific functions and interactions among p24 proteins

>sen1 in abstract number 245
Directionality in intracellular trafficking is essential to
 ensure the correct localization of proteins along the secretory pathway.

>sen2 in abstract number 245

 Here, we found evidence for an active mechanism that prohibited back-fusion
 of de novo-generated vesicles with their donor compartment.

>sen3 in abstract number 245
 Tip20p is a
 peripheral membrane protein implicated in consumption of COPI vesicles at the
 endoplasmic reticulum.

>sen4 in abstract number 245
 However, a specific mutant of TIP20 did not interfere
 with COPII vesicle generation but allowed these vesicles to fuse back to the
 endoplasmic reticulum, a process that does not occur normally in the cell

>sen1 in abstract number 246
The proteins Arno and Gea2 of the Sec7 family can promote
 GDP-GTP exchange on Arf1, a small GTP-binding protein, which coordinates
 coated vesicle formation for protein transport within the cell.

>sen2 in abstract number 246
 Crystal
 structures of the essential Sec7 domain (Sec7d) of Gea2 in the free and
 Arf1-bound forms suggest that conformational dynamics of the Sec7d as well as
 those of the G-protein play a role in nucleotide exchange.

>sen3 in abstract number 246
 Starting from a
 set of complementary crystal structures, we compared the collective movements
 of unbound Gea2 and Arno Sec7 domains, Arf1-GDP, and the Arf1-Gea2(Sec7d)
 nucleotide-free complex using normal modes analyses.

>sen4 in abstract number 246
 In all unbound Sec7d
 analyses, significant low-energy movements were found to lead to closure of
 the hydrophobic groove towards the form seen in the Arf1-Gea2(Sec7d) complex,
 suggesting that groove closure is a general feature of the Sec7 family.

>sen5 in abstract number 246

 Low-energy movements in Arf1-GDP implicate critical switch 1 and 2 residues
 which are coupled to modifications in the myristoylated N-terminal-helix
 binding site at the other end of the ""interswitch"" beta hairpin.

>sen6 in abstract number 246
 It is
 suggested that Sec7d groove closure upon docking of the two molecules may
 permit extraction of switch 1 from Arf1-GDP and prepare the complex for
 movement of the interswitch, which is central to the membrane-linked exchange
 activity.

>sen7 in abstract number 246
 Large-scale collective movements in the Arf1-Sec7d complex appear
 to participate in the insertion of the Sec7d Glu finger into the GDP binding
 site to promote actual nucleotide release

>sen1 in abstract number 247
CS (calsequestrin) is an acidic glycoprotein of the SR
 (sarcoplasmic reticulum) lumen and plays a crucial role in the storage of
 Ca2+ and in excitation-contraction coupling of skeletal muscles.

>sen2 in abstract number 247
 CS is
 synthesized in the ER (endoplasmic reticulum) and is targeted to the TC
 (terminal cisternae) of SR via mechanisms still largely unknown, but probably
 involving vesicle transport through the Golgi complex.

>sen3 in abstract number 247
 In the present study,
 two mutant forms of Sar1 and ARF1 (ADP-ribosylation factor 1) were used to
 disrupt cargo exit from ER-exit sites and intra-Golgi trafficking in
 skeletal-muscle fibres respectively.

>sen4 in abstract number 247
 Co-expression of Sar1-H79G (His79-->Gly)
 and recombinant, epitope-tagged CS, CSHA1 (where HA1 stands for
 nine-amino-acid epitope of the viral haemagglutinin 1), barred segregation of
 CSHA1 to TC.

>sen5 in abstract number 247
 On the other hand, expression of ARF1-N126I altered the
 subcellular localization of GM130, a cis -medial Golgi protein in
 skeletal-muscle fibres and myotubes, without interfering with CSHA1 targeting
 to either TC or developing SR.

>sen6 in abstract number 247
 Thus active budding from ER-exit sites appears
 to be involved in CS targeting and routing, but these processes are
 insensitive to modification of intracellular vesicle trafficking and Golgi
 complex disruption caused by the mutant ARF1-N126I.

>sen7 in abstract number 247
 It also appears that CS
 routing from ER to SR does not involve classical secretory pathways through
 ER-Golgi intermediate compartments, cis -medial Golgi and trans -Golgi
 network

>sen1 in abstract number 248
Protein coats deform flat lipid membranes into buds and capture
 membrane proteins to form transport vesicles.

>sen2 in abstract number 248
 The assembly/disassembly cycle
 of the COPI coat on Golgi membranes is coupled to the GTP/GDP cycle of the
 small G protein Arf1.

>sen3 in abstract number 248
 At the heart of this coupling is the specific
 interaction of membrane-bound Arf1-GTP with coatomer, a complex of seven
 proteins that forms the building unit of the COPI coat.

>sen4 in abstract number 248
 Although COPI coat
 disassembly requires the catalysis of GTP hydrolysis in Arf1 by a specific
 GTPase-activating protein (ArfGAP1), the precise timing of this reaction
 during COPI vesicle formation is not known.

>sen5 in abstract number 248
 Using time-resolved assays for
 COPI dynamics on liposomes of controlled size, we show that the rate of
 ArfGAP1-catalysed GTP hydrolysis in Arf1 and the rate of COPI disassembly
 increase over two orders of magnitude as the curvature of the lipid bilayer
 increases and approaches that of a typical transport vesicle.

>sen6 in abstract number 248
 This leads to a
 model for COPI dynamics in which GTP hydrolysis in Arf1 is organized
 temporally and spatially according to the changes in lipid packing induced by
 the coat

>sen1 in abstract number 249
A growing body of evidence suggests that the Golgi complex
 contains an actin-based filament system.

>sen2 in abstract number 249
 We have previously reported that one
 or more isoforms from the tropomyosin gene Tm5NM (also known as gamma-Tm),
 but not from either the alpha- or beta-Tm genes, are associated with
 Golgi-derived vesicles (Heimann et al., (1999).

>sen3 in abstract number 249
 J.

>sen4 in abstract number 249
 Biol.

>sen5 in abstract number 249
 Chem. 274,
 10743-10750).

>sen6 in abstract number 249
 We now show that Tm5NM-2 is sorted specifically to the Golgi
 complex, whereas Tm5NM-1, which differs by a single alternatively spliced
 internal exon, is incorporated into stress fibers.

>sen7 in abstract number 249
 Tm5NM-2 is localized to
 the Golgi complex consistently throughout the G1 phase of the cell cycle and
 it associates with Golgi membranes in a brefeldin A-sensitive and
 cytochalasin D-resistant manner.

>sen8 in abstract number 249
 An actin antibody, which preferentially
 reacts with the ends of microfilaments, newly reveals a population of short
 actin filaments associated with the Golgi complex and particularly with
 Golgi-derived vesicles.

>sen9 in abstract number 249
 Tm5NM-2 is also found on these short microfilaments.

>sen10 in abstract number 249

 We conclude that an alternative splice choice can restrict the sorting of a
 tropomyosin isoform to short actin filaments associated with Golgi-derived
 vesicles.

>sen11 in abstract number 249
 Our evidence points to a role for these Golgi-associated
 microfilaments in vesicle budding at the level of the Golgi complex

>sen1 in abstract number 250
The formation of coated vesicles is a fundamental step in many
 intracellular trafficking pathways.

>sen2 in abstract number 250
 COPI and clathrin represent two important
 and distinct sets of vesicle coating machinery, involved primarily in
 mediating intra-Golgi and endocytic transport, respectively.

>sen3 in abstract number 250
 Here we identify
 an important functional region at the carboxyl terminus of the gamma subunit
 of the COPI complex (gammaCOP) and describe the X-ray crystal structure of
 this domain at 2.3 A resolution.

>sen4 in abstract number 250
 This domain of gammaCOP exhibits unexpected
 structural similarity to the carboxyl-terminal appendage domains of the alpha
 and beta subunits of the AP2 adaptor proteins, integral components of
 clathrin-coated vesicles.

>sen5 in abstract number 250
 The remarkable structural conservation exhibited by
 the gammaCOP appendage domain, coupled with functional data and primary
 sequence analysis, supports a model of COPI function with significant
 structural and mechanistic parallels to vesicular transport by the
 clathrin/AP2 system

>sen1 in abstract number 251
Dsl1p is required for Golgi-endoplasmic reticulum (ER)
 retrograde transport in yeast.

>sen2 in abstract number 251
 It interacts with the ER resident protein
 Tip20p and with delta-COP, a subunit of coatomer, the coat complex of COPI
 vesicles.

>sen3 in abstract number 251
 To test the significance of these interactions, we mapped the
 different binding sites and created mutant versions of Dsl1p and delta-COP,
 which are unable to bind directly to each other.

>sen4 in abstract number 251
 Three domains were
 identified in Dsl1p: a Tip20p binding region within the N-terminal 200
 residues, a highly acidic region in the center of Dsl1p containing crucial
 tryptophan residues that is required for binding to delta-COP and essential
 for viability, and an evolutionarily well conserved domain at the C terminus.

>sen5 in abstract number 251

 Most importantly, Dsl1p uses the same central acidic domain to interact not
 only with delta-COP but also with alpha-COP.

>sen6 in abstract number 251
 Strong interaction with
 alpha-COP requires the presence of comparable amounts of epsilon-COP or beta'
 -COP.

>sen7 in abstract number 251
 Thus, the binding characteristics of Dsl1p resemble those of many
 accessory factors of the clathrin coat.

>sen8 in abstract number 251
 They interact with different layers
 of the vesicle coat by using tandemly arranged sequence motifs, some of which
 have dual specificity

>sen1 in abstract number 252
Assembly of the coat protein I (COPI) vesicle coat is controlled
 by the small GTPase ADP ribosylation factor 1 (ARF1) and its
 GTPase-activating protein, ARFGAP1.

>sen2 in abstract number 252
 Here, we investigate the diffusional
 behaviours of coatomer, the main component of the coat, and also those of
 ARF1 and ARFGAP1.

>sen3 in abstract number 252
 Using fluorescence-correlation spectroscopy, we found that
 most ARF1 and ARFGAP1 molecules are highly mobile in the cytosol (diffusion
 constant D approximately equal to 15 microm(2) s(-1)), whereas coatomer
 diffuses 5-10 times more slowly than expected (D approximately equal to 1
 microm(2) s(-1)).

>sen4 in abstract number 252
 This slow diffusion causes diffusion-limited binding
 kinetics to Golgi membranes, which, in FRAP (fluorescence recovery after
 photobleaching) experiments, translates into a twofold slower binding rate.

>sen5 in abstract number 252

 The addition of aluminium fluoride locks coatomer onto Golgi membranes and
 also decreases the binding kinetics of both ARF1 and ARFGAP1, suggesting that
 these proteins function in concert to mediate sorting and vesicle formation

>sen1 in abstract number 253
Arf1 regulates membrane trafficking at several membrane sites by
 interacting with at least seven different vesicle coat proteins.

>sen2 in abstract number 253
 Here, we
 test the hypothesis that Arf1-dependent coats are independently regulated by
 specific interaction with Arf GAPs.

>sen3 in abstract number 253
 We find that the Arf GAP AGAP1 directly
 associates with and colocalizes with AP-3, a coat protein complex involved in
 trafficking in the endosomal-lysosomal system.

>sen4 in abstract number 253
 Binding is mediated by the PH
 domain of AGAP1 and the delta and sigma3 subunits of AP-3.

>sen5 in abstract number 253
 Overexpression of
 AGAP1 changes the cellular distribution of AP-3, and reduced expression of
 AGAP1 renders AP-3 resistant to brefeldin A.

>sen6 in abstract number 253
 AGAP1 overexpression does not
 affect the distribution of other coat proteins, and AP-3 distribution is not
 affected by overexpression of other Arf GAPs.

>sen7 in abstract number 253
 Cells overexpressing AGAP1 also
 exhibit increased LAMP1 trafficking via the plasma membrane.

>sen8 in abstract number 253
 Taken together,
 these results support the hypothesis that AGAP1 directly and specifically
 regulates AP-3-dependent trafficking

>sen1 in abstract number 254
Protein trafficking is achieved by a bidirectional vesicle flow
 between the various compartments of the eukaryotic cell.

>sen2 in abstract number 254
 COPII coated
 vesicles mediate anterograde protein transport from the endoplasmic reticulum
 to the Golgi apparatus, whereas retrograde Golgi-to-endoplasmic reticulum
 vesicles use the COPI coat.

>sen3 in abstract number 254
 Inactivation of COPI vesicle formation in
 conditional sec21 (gamma-COP) mutants rapidly blocks transport of certain
 proteins along the early secretory pathway.

>sen4 in abstract number 254
 We have identified the integral
 membrane protein Mst27p as a strong suppressor of sec21-3 and ret1-1 mutants.

>sen5 in abstract number 254

 A C-terminal KKXX motif of Mst27p that allows direct binding to the COPI
 complex is crucial for its suppression ability.

>sen6 in abstract number 254
 Mst27p and its homolog
 Yar033w (Mst28p) are part of the same complex.

>sen7 in abstract number 254
 Both proteins contain
 cytoplasmic exposed C termini that have the ability to interact directly with
 COPI and COPII coat complexes.

>sen8 in abstract number 254
 Site-specific mutations of the COPI binding
 domain abolished suppression of the sec21 mutants.

>sen9 in abstract number 254
 Our results indicate that
 overexpression of MST27 provides an increased number of coat binding sites on
 membranes of the early secretory pathway and thereby promotes vesicle
 formation.

>sen10 in abstract number 254
 As a consequence, the amount of cargo that can bind COPI might be
 important for the regulation of the vesicle flow in the early secretory
 pathway

>sen1 in abstract number 255
Arf GTP-binding proteins regulate membrane traffic and actin
 remodeling.

>sen2 in abstract number 255
 Similar to other GTP-binding proteins, a complex of Arf-GTP with
 an effector protein mediates Arf function.

>sen3 in abstract number 255
 Arf interacts with at least three
 qualitatively different types of effectors.

>sen4 in abstract number 255
 First, it interacts with
 structural proteins, the vesicle coat proteins.

>sen5 in abstract number 255
 The second type of effector
 is lipid-metabolizing enzymes, and the third comprises those proteins that
 bind to Arf-GTP but whose biochemical or biological functions are not yet
 clearly defined.

>sen6 in abstract number 255
 Arf interacts with two other families of proteins, the
 exchange factors and the GTPase-activating proteins.

>sen7 in abstract number 255
 Recent work examining
 the functional relationships among the diverse Arf interactors has led to
 reconsideration of the prevailing paradigms for Arf action

>sen1 in abstract number 256
This paper examines the molecular machinery involved in membrane
 exchange within the plant endomembrane system.

>sen2 in abstract number 256
 A study has been undertaken on
 beta-COP-like proteins in plant cells using M3A5, an antibody raised against
 the conserved sequence of mammalian beta-COP proteins.

>sen3 in abstract number 256
 In mammalian cells,
 beta-COP proteins are part of a complex named the coatomer, which probably
 recruits some specific areas of the endomembrane system.

>sen4 in abstract number 256
 Immunofluorescence
 analyses by confocal laser scanning microscopy showed that beta-COP-like
 proteins marked predominantly the plant Golgi apparatus.

>sen5 in abstract number 256
 Other proteins known
 to be part of a potential machinery for COPI vesicle formation (gamma-COP,
 beta'-COP and Arf1 proteins) were immunolocalized on the same membraneous
 structures as beta-COP.

>sen6 in abstract number 256
 Moreover, beta-COP and other COPI antibodies stained
 the cell plate in dividing cells.

>sen7 in abstract number 256
 It is further shown that, in maize root
 cells, and in contrast to observations upon mammalian cells, the drug
 Brefeldin A (BFA) does not induce the release of beta-COP and Arf1 proteins
 from the Golgi membrane into the cytosol.

>sen8 in abstract number 256
 These data clearly demonstrate that
 the antibody M3A5 is a valuable marker for studies on trafficking events in
 plant cells.

>sen9 in abstract number 256
 They also report for the first time the location of COP
 components in plant tissue at the light level, especially on a model well
 known for secretion, i.e. the maize root cells.

>sen10 in abstract number 256
 They also suggest that the
 membrane recruitment machinery may function in a plant-specific way

>sen1 in abstract number 257
The small GTPase Rab2 requires atypical protein kinase C
 iota/lambda (PKCiota/lambda) kinase activity to promote vesicle budding from
 normal rat kidney cell microsomes (Tisdale, E.

>sen2 in abstract number 257
 J. (2000) Traffic 1, 702-712).

>sen3 in abstract number 257

 The released vesicles lack anterograde-directed cargo but contain coat
 protein I (COPI) and the recycling protein p53/p58, suggesting that the
 vesicles traffic in the retrograde pathway.

>sen4 in abstract number 257
 In this study, we have directly
 characterized the role of PKCiota/lambda in the early secretory pathway.

>sen5 in abstract number 257
 A
 peptide corresponding to the unique PKCiota/lambda pseudosubstrate domain was
 introduced into an in vitro assay that efficiently reconstitutes transport of
 vesicular stomatitis virus glycoprotein from the endoplasmic reticulum to the
 cis-medial Golgi compartments.

>sen6 in abstract number 257
 This peptide blocked transport in a
 dose-dependent manner.

>sen7 in abstract number 257
 Moreover, normal rat kidney cells incubated with Rab2
 and the pseudosubstrate peptide displayed abundant swollen or dilated
 vesicles that contained Rab2, PKCiota/lambda, beta-COP, and p53/p58.

>sen8 in abstract number 257
 Because
 Rab2, beta-COP, and p53/p58 are marker proteins for pre-Golgi intermediates
 (vesicular tubular clusters,VTCs), most probably the swollen vesicles are
 derived from VTCs.

>sen9 in abstract number 257
 Similar results were obtained when the assays were
 supplemented with kinase-dead PKCiota/lambda (W274K).

>sen10 in abstract number 257
 Both the
 pseudosubstrate peptide and kinase-dead PKCiota/lambda in tandem with Rab2
 caused sustained membrane association of PKCiota/lambda, suggesting that
 reverse translocation was inhibited.

>sen11 in abstract number 257
 Importantly, the inhibitory phenotype of
 kinase-dead PKCiota/lambda was reversed by PKCiota/lambda wild type.

>sen12 in abstract number 257
 These
 combined results indicate that PKCiota/lambda is essential for protein
 transport in the early secretory pathway and suggest that PKCiota/lambda
 kinase activity is required to promote Rab2-mediated vesicle budding at a VTC
 subcompartment enriched in recycling cargo

>sen1 in abstract number 258
Coat protein I (COPI)-coated transport vesicles mediate protein
 and lipid transport in the early secretory pathway.

>sen2 in abstract number 258
 The basic machinery
 required for the formation of these transport intermediates has been
 elucidated based on the reconstitution of COPI-coated vesicle formation from
 chemically defined liposomes.

>sen3 in abstract number 258
 In this experimental system, the coat
 components coatomer and GTP-bound ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF), as well as
 p23 as a membrane-bound receptor for COPI coat proteins, were shown to be
 both necessary and sufficient to promote COPI-coated vesicle formation.

>sen4 in abstract number 258
 Based
 on biochemical and ultrastructural analyses, we now demonstrate that the
 catalytic domain of ARF-GTPase-activating protein (GAP) alone is sufficient
 to initiate uncoating of liposome-derived COPI-coated vesicles.

>sen5 in abstract number 258
 By contrast,
 ARF-GAP activity is not required for COPI coat assembly and, therefore, does
 not seem to represent an essential coat component of COPI vesicles as
 suggested recently [Yang, J.

>sen6 in abstract number 258
 S., Lee, S.

>sen7 in abstract number 258
 Y., Gao, M., Bourgoin, S., Randazzo,
 P.

>sen8 in abstract number 258
 A., et al. (2002) J.

>sen9 in abstract number 258
 Cell Biol. 159, 69-78].

>sen10 in abstract number 258
 Thus, a complete round of
 COPI coat assembly and disassembly has been reconstituted with purified
 components defining the core machinery of COPI vesicle biogenesis

>sen1 in abstract number 259
We have studied the transport of soluble cargo molecules by
 inhibiting specific transport steps to and from the Golgi apparatus.

>sen2 in abstract number 259

 Inhibition of export from the Golgi via coexpression of a dominant-negative
 GTP-restricted ARF1 mutant (Q71L) inhibits the secretion of alpha-amylase and
 simultaneously induces the secretion of the vacuolar protein phytepsin to the
 culture medium.

>sen3 in abstract number 259
 By contrast, specific inhibition of endoplasmic reticulum
 export via overexpression of Sec12p or coexpression of a GTP-restricted form
 of Sar1p inhibits the anterograde transport of either cargo molecule in a
 similar manner.

>sen4 in abstract number 259
 Increased secretion of the vacuolar protein was not observed
 after incubation with the drug brefeldin A or after coexpression of the
 GDP-restricted mutant of ARF1 (T31N).

>sen5 in abstract number 259
 Therefore, the differential effect of
 inducing the secretion of one cargo molecule while inhibiting the secretion
 of another is dependent on the GTP hydrolysis by ARF1p and is not caused by a
 general inhibition of Golgi-derived COPI vesicle traffic.

>sen6 in abstract number 259
 Moreover, we
 demonstrate that GTP-restricted ARF1-stimulated secretion is observed only
 for cargo molecules that are expected to be sorted in a BP80-dependent
 manner, exhibiting sequence-specific, context-independent, vacuolar sorting
 signals.

>sen7 in abstract number 259
 Induced secretion of proteins carrying C-terminal vacuolar sorting
 signals was not observed.

>sen8 in abstract number 259
 This finding suggests that ARF1p influences the
 BP80-mediated transport route to the vacuole in addition to transport steps
 of the default secretory pathway to the cell surface

>sen1 in abstract number 260
BACKGROUND: Arginine-based endoplasmic reticulum (ER)
 localization signals are involved in the heteromultimeric assembly of
 membrane protein complexes like ATP-sensitive potassium channels (K(ATP)) or
 GABA(B) G protein-coupled receptors.

>sen2 in abstract number 260
 They constitute a trafficking checkpoint
 that prevents ER exit of unassembled subunits or partially assembled
 complexes.

>sen3 in abstract number 260
 For K(ATP) channels, the mechanism that leads to masking of the ER
 localization signals in the fully assembled octameric complex is unknown.

>sen4 in abstract number 260

 RESULTS: By employing a tetrameric affinity construct of the C terminus of
 the K(ATP) channel alpha subunit, Kir6.2, we found that 14-3-3 isoforms
 epsilon and zeta specifically recognize the arginine-based ER localization
 signal present in this cytosolic tail.

>sen5 in abstract number 260
 The interaction was reconstituted by
 using purified 14-3-3 proteins.

>sen6 in abstract number 260
 Competition with a nonphosphorylated 14-3-3
 high-affinity binding peptide implies that the canonical substrate binding
 groove of 14-3-3 is involved.

>sen7 in abstract number 260
 Comparison of monomeric CD4, dimeric CD8, and
 artificially tetramerized CD4 fusions correlates the copy number of the tail
 containing the arginine-based signal with 14-3-3 binding, resulting in the
 surface expression of the membrane protein.

>sen8 in abstract number 260
 Binding experiments revealed that
 the COPI vesicle coat can specifically recognize the arginine-based ER
 localization signal and competes with 14-3-3 for the binding site.

>sen9 in abstract number 260

 CONCLUSIONS: The COPI vesicle coat and proteins of the 14-3-3 family
 recognize arginine-based ER localization signals on multimeric membrane
 proteins.

>sen10 in abstract number 260
 The equilibrium between these two competing reactions depends on
 the valency and spatial arrangement of the signal-containing tails.

>sen11 in abstract number 260
 We
 propose a mechanism in which 14-3-3 bound to the correctly assembled multimer
 mediates release of the complex from the ER

>sen1 in abstract number 261
Transport between the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and Golgi is
 mediated by the sequential action of the COPII and COPI coat complexes.

>sen2 in abstract number 261
 COPII
 subunits are recruited to the ER membrane where they mediate the selection of
 cargo for transport to the Golgi, and also membrane deformation and vesicle
 formation.

>sen3 in abstract number 261
 New ER exit sites can be generated by lateral growth and medial
 fission (in Pythium sp.) or by de novo formation (in Pichia pastoris) but it
 is not known how mammalian ER exit sites form.

>sen4 in abstract number 261
 Here, time-lapse imaging of
 COPII-coated structures in live mammalian cells reveals that the number of ER
 export sites increases greatly during interphase by de novo formation.

>sen5 in abstract number 261
 These
 results show the fusion of pre-existing ER export sites and the fission of
 larger structures.

>sen6 in abstract number 261
 These three mechanisms of de novo formation, fusion and
 fission probably cooperate to regulate the size of these sites in mammalian
 cells

>sen1 in abstract number 262
Mouse polyomavirus enters host cells internalized, similar to
 simian virus 40 (SV40), in smooth monopinocytic vesicles, the movement of
 which is associated with transient actin disorganization.

>sen2 in abstract number 262
 The major capsid
 protein (VP1) of the incoming polyomavirus accumulates on membranes around
 the cell nucleus.

>sen3 in abstract number 262
 Here we show that unlike SV40, mouse polyomavirus infection
 is not substantially inhibited by brefeldin A, and colocalization of VP1 with
 beta-COP during early stages of polyomavirus infection in mouse fibroblasts
 was observed only rarely.

>sen4 in abstract number 262
 Thus, these viruses obviously use different traffic
 routes from the plasma membrane toward the cell nucleus.

>sen5 in abstract number 262
 At approximately 3 h
 postinfection, a part of VP1 colocalized with the endoplasmic reticulum
 marker BiP, and a subpopulation of virus was found in perinuclear areas
 associated with Rab11 GTPase and colocalized with transferrin, a marker of
 recycling endosomes.

>sen6 in abstract number 262
 Earlier postinfection, a minor subpopulation of virions
 was found to be associated with Rab5, known to be connected with early
 endosomes, but the cell entry of virus was slower than that of transferrin or
 cholera toxin B-fragment.

>sen7 in abstract number 262
 Neither Rab7, a marker of late endosomes, nor
 LAMP-2 lysosomal glycoprotein was found to colocalize with polyomavirus.

>sen8 in abstract number 262
 In
 situ hybridization with polyomavirus genome-specific fluorescent probes
 clearly demonstrated that, regardless of the multiplicity of infection, only
 a few virions delivered their genomic DNA into the cell nucleus, while the
 majority of viral genomes (and VP1) moved back from the proximity of the
 nucleus to the cytosol, apparently for their degradation

>sen1 in abstract number 263
The cisternal maturation model proposes that secretory proteins
 transit the Golgi in cisternae that mature by the continuous retrograde
 transport of Golgi enzymes in vesicles.

>sen2 in abstract number 263
 We have tested the hypothesis that de
 novo generation of transport intermediates containing medial, trans, and
 trans Golgi network (TGN) enzymes is reconstituted in vitro.

>sen3 in abstract number 263
 Our analysis
 shows that the majority of transport is mediated by a steady state of
 transport intermediate production and consumption by Golgi cisternae, with
 only a minor contribution of pre-existing transport intermediates.

>sen4 in abstract number 263
 Transport
 in the medial and trans regions of the stack involved intermediates
 containing Golgi enzymes, apparently moving in a retrograde direction.

>sen5 in abstract number 263
 In
 contrast, transport between the trans Golgi and TGN was exclusively mediated
 by intermediates containing secretory protein, as expected for anterograde
 transport.

>sen6 in abstract number 263
 These intermediates may be physiologically relevant, because only
 these two specific types of intermediates can be detected in cell
 homogenates.

>sen7 in abstract number 263
 By analogy to the coatomer (COPI)-independent transport of Golgi
 enzymes to the endoplasmic reticulum, the steady-state production of
 intra-Golgi transport intermediates was not impaired by inhibition of COPI
 vesicle formation.

>sen8 in abstract number 263
 These data suggest a model for COPI-independent
 intra-Golgi transport by cisternal maturation with a shift in mechanism to
 anterograde transport at the trans Golgi and TGN boundary

>sen1 in abstract number 264
At the trans-Golgi network, clathrin coats containing AP-1
 adaptor complexes are formed in an ARF1-dependent manner, generating vesicles
 transporting cargo proteins to endosomes.

>sen2 in abstract number 264
 The mechanism of site-specific
 targeting of AP-1 and the role of cargo are poorly understood.

>sen3 in abstract number 264
 We have
 developed an in vitro assay to study the recruitment of purified AP-1
 adaptors to chemically defined liposomes presenting peptides corresponding to
 tyrosine-based sorting motifs.

>sen4 in abstract number 264
 AP-1 recruitment was found to be dependent on
 myristoylated ARF1, GTP or nonhydrolyzable GTP-analogs, tyrosine signals, and
 small amounts of phosphoinositides, most prominently phosphatidylinositol
 4,5-bisphosphate, in the absence of any additional cytosolic or membrane
 bound proteins.

>sen5 in abstract number 264
 AP-1 from cytosol could be recruited to a tyrosine signal
 independently of the lipid composition, but the rate of recruitment was
 increased by phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate.

>sen6 in abstract number 264
 The results thus indicate
 that cargo proteins are involved in coat recruitment and that the local lipid
 composition contributes to specifying the site of vesicle formation

>sen1 in abstract number 265
Although the actin cytoskeleton is widely believed to play an
 important role in intracellular protein transport, this role is poorly
 understood.

>sen2 in abstract number 265
 Recently, progress has been made toward identifying specific
 actin-binding proteins and signaling molecules involved in regulating actin
 structures that function in the secretory pathway.

>sen3 in abstract number 265
 Studies on coat protomer I
 (COPI)-mediated transport at the Golgi apparatus and on clathrin-mediated
 endocytosis have been particularly informative in identifying such
 mechanisms.

>sen4 in abstract number 265
 Important similarities between actin regulation at the Golgi and
 at the plasma membrane have been uncovered.

>sen5 in abstract number 265
 The studies reveal that
 ADP-ribosylation factor and vesicle coat proteins are able to act through the
 Rho-family GTP-binding proteins, Cdc42 and Rac, and several specific
 actin-binding proteins to direct actin assembly through the Arp2/3 complex.

>sen6 in abstract number 265

 Efficient function of the secretory pathway is likely to require precise
 temporal regulation among transport-vesicle assembly, vesicle scission, and
 the targeting machinery.

>sen7 in abstract number 265
 It is proposed that numerous actin regulatory
 mechanisms and the connections between actin signaling and vesicle-coat
 formation are employed to provide such temporal regulation

>sen1 in abstract number 266
Understanding the biosynthetic pathways involved in cellular
 transport is an important issue in cell biology.

>sen2 in abstract number 266
 More than a hundred years
 after the discovery of the Golgi apparatus, we still do not understand the
 regulation of vesicular transport to, within and from the Golgi apparatus.

>sen3 in abstract number 266

 Recently, however, it has become clear that cargo might not simply be a
 passive passenger, and that ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF) GAPs are not only
 GTPase-activating proteins for ARF, but might play crucial roles in
 regulating coat protein complex I vesicle formation

>sen1 in abstract number 267
The role of GTPase-activating protein (GAP) that deactivates
 ADP-ribosylation factor 1 (ARF1) during the formation of coat protein I
 (COPI) vesicles has been unclear.

>sen2 in abstract number 267
 GAP is originally thought to antagonize
 vesicle formation by triggering uncoating, but later studies suggest that GAP
 promotes cargo sorting, a process that occurs during vesicle formation.

>sen3 in abstract number 267

 Recent models have attempted to reconcile these seemingly contradictory roles
 by suggesting that cargo proteins suppress GAP activity during vesicle
 formation, but whether GAP truly antagonizes coat recruitment in this process
 has not been assessed directly.

>sen4 in abstract number 267
 We have reconstituted the formation of COPI
 vesicles by incubating Golgi membrane with purified soluble components, and
 find that ARFGAP1 in the presence of GTP promotes vesicle formation and cargo
 sorting.

>sen5 in abstract number 267
 Moreover, the presence of GTPgammaS not only blocks vesicle
 uncoating but also vesicle formation by preventing the proper recruitment of
 GAP to nascent vesicles.

>sen6 in abstract number 267
 Elucidating how GAP functions in vesicle formation,
 we find that the level of GAP on the reconstituted vesicles is at least as
 abundant as COPI and that GAP binds directly to the dilysine motif of cargo
 proteins.

>sen7 in abstract number 267
 Collectively, these findings suggest that ARFGAP1 promotes vesicle
 formation by functioning as a component of the COPI coat

>sen1 in abstract number 268
Picornavirus RNA replication requires the formation of
 replication complexes (RCs) consisting of virus-induced vesicles associated
 with viral nonstructural proteins and RNA.

>sen2 in abstract number 268
 Brefeldin A (BFA) has been shown
 to strongly inhibit RNA replication of poliovirus but not of
 encephalomyocarditis virus (EMCV).

>sen3 in abstract number 268
 Here, we demonstrate that the replication
 of parechovirus 1 (ParV1) is partly resistant to BFA, whereas echovirus 11
 (EV11) replication is strongly inhibited.

>sen4 in abstract number 268
 Since BFA inhibits COPI-dependent
 steps in endoplasmic reticulum (ER)-Golgi transport, we tested a hypothesis
 that different picornaviruses may have differential requirements for COPI in
 the formation of their RCs.

>sen5 in abstract number 268
 Using immunofluorescence and cryo-immunoelectron
 microscopy we examined the association of a COPI component, beta-COP, with
 the RCs of EMCV, ParV1, and EV11.

>sen6 in abstract number 268
 EMCV RCs did not contain beta-COP.

>sen7 in abstract number 268
 In
 contrast, beta-COP appeared to be specifically distributed to the RCs of
 EV11.

>sen8 in abstract number 268
 In ParV1-infected cells beta-COP was largely dispersed throughout the
 cytoplasm, with some being present in the RCs.

>sen9 in abstract number 268
 These results suggest that
 there are differences in the involvement of COPI in the formation of the RCs
 of various picornaviruses, corresponding to their differential sensitivity to
 BFA.

>sen10 in abstract number 268
 EMCV RCs are likely to be formed immediately after vesicle budding from
 the ER, prior to COPI association with membranes.

>sen11 in abstract number 268
 ParV1 RCs are formed from
 COPI-containing membranes but COPI is unlikely to be directly involved in
 their formation, whereas formation of EV11 RCs appears to be dependent on
 COPI association with membranes

>sen1 in abstract number 269
The p24 proteins belong to a highly conserved family of membrane
 proteins that cycle in the early secretory pathway.

>sen2 in abstract number 269
 They bind to the coat
 proteins of COPI and COPII vesicles, and are proposed to be involved in
 vesicle biogenesis, cargo uptake, and quality control, but their precise
 function is still under debate.

>sen3 in abstract number 269
 Most p24 proteins form hetero-oligomers,
 essential for their correct localization and stability.

>sen4 in abstract number 269
 Functional insights
 regarding the mechanisms of their steady state localization and the role of
 interaction with coat proteins has been hampered by a lack of data on their
 concentration and state of oligomerization within the endoplasmic reticulum,
 the intermediate compartment, and Golgi complex.

>sen5 in abstract number 269
 We have determined for all
 mammalian p24 family members the size of the oligomers formed and their
 stoichiometric relation in each of these individual organelles.

>sen6 in abstract number 269
 In contrast
 to earlier reports, we show that individual members exist as dimers and
 monomers and that the ratio between these two forms depends on both the
 organelle investigated and the p24 protein.

>sen7 in abstract number 269
 We find unequal quantities, with
 p23 and p27 building up concentration gradients, ruling out a simple 1:1
 stoichiometry.

>sen8 in abstract number 269
 In addition, we show differential cycling of individual p24
 members.

>sen9 in abstract number 269
 These data point to a complex and dynamic system of altering
 dimerizations of the family members

>sen1 in abstract number 270
Arf GTPases are known to be key regulators of vesicle budding in
 various steps of membrane traffic in yeast and animal cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 270
 We cloned the
 Arabidopsis Arf1 homologue, AtArf1, and examined its function.

>sen3 in abstract number 270
 AtArf1
 complements yeast arf1 arf2 mutants and its GFP-fusion is localized to the
 Golgi apparatus in plant cells like its animal counterpart.

>sen4 in abstract number 270
 The expression of
 dominant negative mutants of AtArf1 in tobacco and Arabidopsis cultured cells
 affected the localization of co-expressed GFP-tagged proteins in a variety of
 ways.

>sen5 in abstract number 270
 AtArf1 Q71L and AtArf1 T31N, GTP- and GDP-fixed mutants, respectively,
 changed the localization of a cis-Golgi marker, AtErd2-GFP, from the Golgi
 apparatus to the endoplasmic reticulum but not that of GFP-AtRer1B or
 GFP-AtSed5.

>sen6 in abstract number 270
 GFP-AtRer1B and GFP-AtSed5 were accumulated in aberrant
 structures of the Golgi by AtArf1 Q71L.

>sen7 in abstract number 270
 A soluble vacuolar protein,
 sporamin-GFP, was also located to the ER by AtArf1 Q71L.

>sen8 in abstract number 270
 These results
 indicate that AtArf1 play roles in the vesicular transport between the ER and
 the Golgi and in the maintenance of the normal Golgi organization in plant
 cells

>sen1 in abstract number 271
The mature human erythrocyte is a simple haemoglobin-containing
 cell with no internal organelles and no protein synthesis machinery.

>sen2 in abstract number 271
 The
 malaria parasite invades this cell and develops inside a parasitophorous
 vacuole (PV).

>sen3 in abstract number 271
 The parasite exports proteins into the erythrocyte to bring
 about extensive remodelling of its adopted cellular home.

>sen4 in abstract number 271
 Plasmodial
 homologues of two COPII proteins, PfSar1p and PfSec31p, are exported to the
 erythrocyte cytosol where they appear to play a role in the trafficking of
 proteins across the erythrocyte cytoplasm [Eur.

>sen5 in abstract number 271
 J.

>sen6 in abstract number 271
 Cell Biol. 78 (1999) 453;
 J.

>sen7 in abstract number 271
 Cell Sci. 114 (2001) 3377].

>sen8 in abstract number 271
 We have now characterised a homologue of the
 COPI protein, delta-COP.

>sen9 in abstract number 271
 A recombinant protein corresponding to 90% of the
 Pfdelta-COP sequence was used to raise antibodies.

>sen10 in abstract number 271
 The affinity-purified
 antiserum recognised a protein with an apparent M(r) of 58 x 10(3) on Western
 blots of malaria parasite-infected erythrocytes but not on blots of
 uninfected erythrocytes.

>sen11 in abstract number 271
 Pfdelta-COP was shown to be largely insoluble in
 non-ionic detergent, possibly suggesting cytoskeletal attachment.

>sen12 in abstract number 271
 Confocal
 immunofluorescence microscopy of parasitised erythrocytes was used to show
 that, in contrast to the COPII proteins, Pfdelta-COP is located entirely
 within the parasite.

>sen13 in abstract number 271
 The location of Pfdelta-COP partly overlaps that of the
 endoplasmic reticulum (ER)-located protein, PfERC, and partly that of the
 trans-Golgi-associated protein, PfRab6.

>sen14 in abstract number 271
 Treatment of ring-stage
 plasmodium-infected erythrocytes with brefeldin A (BFA) inhibited development
 of the ER structure within the parasite cytosol and prevented the trafficking
 of the P. falciparum erythrocyte membrane protein-1, PfEMP1, to the
 erythrocyte cytosol.

>sen15 in abstract number 271
 The Pfdelta-COP and PfSec31p populations each appear to
 be associated with the restricted ER structure in brefeldin-treated rings.

>sen16 in abstract number 271

 When more mature stage parasites were treated with BFA, erythrocyte
 cytosol-located populations of parasite proteins were not reorganised,
 however, the overlap between Pfdelta-COP and PfERC in parasite cytosol was
 more complete suggesting a possible redistribution of the Golgi compartment
 into the ER.

>sen17 in abstract number 271
 These data support the suggestion that both COPI and COPII
 proteins are involved in the trafficking of proteins within the parasite
 cytoplasm.

>sen18 in abstract number 271
 However, only COPII proteins are exported to the erythrocyte
 cytosol to establish a vesicle-mediated protein trafficking pathway to the
 erythrocyte membrane

>sen1 in abstract number 272
Vesicular transport is the predominant mechanism for exchange of
 proteins and lipids between membrane-bound organelles in eukaryotic cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 272

 Golgi-derived COPI-coated vesicles are involved in several vesicular
 transport steps, including bidirectional transport within the Golgi and
 recycling to the ER.

>sen3 in abstract number 272
 Recent work has shed light on the mechanism of COPI
 vesicle biogenesis, in particular the machinery required for vesicle
 formation.

>sen4 in abstract number 272
 The new findings have allowed us to generate a model that covers
 the cycle of coat recruitment, coat polymerization, vesicle budding and
 uncoating

>sen1 in abstract number 273
Intracellular traffic is mediated by vesicular/tubular carriers.

>sen2 in abstract number 273

 The carriers are formed by the activity of cytosolic coat proteins that are
 recruited to their target membranes and deform these membranes into buds and
 vesicles.

>sen3 in abstract number 273
 Specific interactions between recruited coat subunits and short
 peptide sequences (transport motifs) on cargo proteins direct the
 incorporation of cargo into budded vesicles.

>sen4 in abstract number 273
 Here, we focus on cargo
 selection reactions mediated by COPII and AP-2/clathrin vesicle coat
 complexes to explore common mechanisms by which coat assembly support
 localized and selective cargo sorting.

>sen5 in abstract number 273
 Recent findings suggest that multiple,
 low-affinity interactions are employed in a cooperative manner to support
 coat assembly and enable cargo recognition.

>sen6 in abstract number 273
 Thus low-binding affinities
 between coat subunits and transport motifs are transiently transformed into
 high-avidity, multivalent and selective interactions at vesicle bud sites.

>sen7 in abstract number 273

 The temporal and regulated nature of the interactions provide the key to
 cargo selection

>sen1 in abstract number 274
The Sec34/35 complex was identified as one of the evolutionarily
 conserved protein complexes that regulates a cis-Golgi step in intracellular
 vesicular transport.

>sen2 in abstract number 274
 We have identified three new proteins that associate
 with Sec35p and Sec34p in yeast cytosol.

>sen3 in abstract number 274
 Mutations in these Sec34/35 complex
 subunits result in defects in basic Golgi functions, including glycosylation
 of secretory proteins, protein sorting, and retention of Golgi resident
 proteins.

>sen4 in abstract number 274
 Furthermore, the Sec34/35 complex interacts genetically and
 physically with the Rab protein Ypt1p, intra-Golgi SNARE molecules, as well
 as with Golgi vesicle coat complex COPI.

>sen5 in abstract number 274
 We propose that the Sec34/35 protein
 complex acts as a tether that connects cis-Golgi membranes and COPI-coated,
 retrogradely targeted intra-Golgi vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 275
Members of the ADP-ribosylation factor (Arf) family of small
 GTPases are implicated in vesicle traffic in the secretory pathway, although
 their precise function remains unclear.

>sen2 in abstract number 275
 We generated a series of 23 clustered
 charge-to-alanine mutations in the Arf1 protein of Saccharomyces cerevisiae
 to determine the portions of this protein important for its function in
 cells.

>sen3 in abstract number 275
 These mutants display a number of phenotypes, including conditional
 lethality at high or low temperature, defects in glycosylation of invertase,
 dominant lethality, fluoride sensitivity, and synthetic lethality with the
 arf2 null mutation.

>sen4 in abstract number 275
 All mutations were mapped onto the available crystal
 structures for Arf1p: Arf1p bound to GDP, to GTP, and complexed with the
 regulatory proteins ArfGEF and ArfGAP.

>sen5 in abstract number 275
 From this systematic
 structure-function analysis we demonstrate that all essential mutations
 studied map to one hemisphere of the protein and provide strong evidence in
 support of the proposed ArfGEF contact site on Arf1p but minimal evidence in
 support of the proposed ArfGAP-binding site.

>sen6 in abstract number 275
 In addition, we describe the
 isolation of a spatially distant intragenic suppressor of a dominant lethal
 mutation in the guanine nucleotide-binding region of Arf1p

>sen1 in abstract number 276
The Saccharomyces cerevisiae proteins Sec34p and Sec35p are
 components of a large cytosolic complex involved in protein transport through
 the secretory pathway.

>sen2 in abstract number 276
 Characterization of a new secretion mutant led us to
 identify SEC36, which encodes a new component of this complex.

>sen3 in abstract number 276
 Sec36p binds
 to Sec34p and Sec35p, and mutation of SEC36 disrupts the complex, as
 determined by gel filtration.

>sen4 in abstract number 276
 Missense mutations of SEC36 are lethal with
 mutations in COPI subunits, indicating a functional connection between the
 Sec34p/sec35p complex and the COPI vesicle coat.

>sen5 in abstract number 276
 Affinity purification of
 proteins that bind to Sec35p-myc allowed identification of two additional
 proteins in the complex.

>sen6 in abstract number 276
 We call these two conserved proteins Sec37p and
 Sec38p.

>sen7 in abstract number 276
 Disruption of either SEC37 or SEC38 affects the size of the complex
 that contains Sec34p and Sec35p.

>sen8 in abstract number 276
 We also examined COD4, COD5, and DOR1, three
 genes recently reported to encode proteins that bind to Sec35p.

>sen9 in abstract number 276
 Each of the
 eight genes that encode components of the Sec34p/sec35p complex was tested
 for its contribution to cell growth, protein transport, and the integrity of
 the complex.

>sen10 in abstract number 276
 These tests indicate two general types of subunits: Sec34p,
 Sec35p, Sec36p, and Sec38p seem to form the essential core of a complex to
 which Sec37p, Cod4p, Cod5p, and Dor1p seem to be peripherally attached

>sen1 in abstract number 277
Cytosolic coat proteins that bind reversibly to membranes have a
 central function in membrane transport within the secretory pathway.

>sen2 in abstract number 277
 One
 well-studied example is COPI or coatomer, a heptameric protein complex that
 is recruited to membranes by the GTP-binding protein Arf1.

>sen3 in abstract number 277
 Assembly into an
 electron-dense coat then helps in budding off membrane to be transported
 between the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and Golgi apparatus.

>sen4 in abstract number 277
 Here we propose
 and corroborate a simple model for coatomer and Arf1 activity based on
 results analysing the distribution and lifetime of fluorescently labelled
 coatomer and Arf1 on Golgi membranes of living cells.

>sen5 in abstract number 277
 We find that activated
 Arf1 brings coatomer to membranes.

>sen6 in abstract number 277
 However, once associated with membranes,
 Arf1 and coatomer have different residence times: coatomer remains on
 membranes after Arf1-GTP has been hydrolysed and dissociated.

>sen7 in abstract number 277
 Rapid membrane
 binding and dissociation of coatomer and Arf1 occur stochastically, even
 without vesicle budding.

>sen8 in abstract number 277
 We propose that this continuous activity of coatomer
 and Arf1 generates kinetically stable membrane domains that are connected to
 the formation of COPI-containing transport intermediates.

>sen9 in abstract number 277
 This role for
 Arf1/coatomer might provide a model for investigating the behaviour of other
 coat protein systems within cells

>sen1 in abstract number 278
In eukaryotic cells, secretion is achieved by vesicular
 transport.

>sen2 in abstract number 278
 Fusion of such vesicles with the correct target compartment relies
 on SNARE proteins on both vesicle (v-SNARE) and the target membranes
 (t-SNARE).

>sen3 in abstract number 278
 At present it is not clear how v-SNAREs are incorporated into
 transport vesicles.

>sen4 in abstract number 278
 Here, we show that binding of ADP-ribosylation factor
 (ARF)-GTPase-activating protein (GAP) to ER-Golgi v-SNAREs is an essential
 step for recruitment of Arf1p and coatomer, proteins that together form the
 COPI coat.

>sen5 in abstract number 278
 ARF-GAP acts catalytically to recruit COPI components.

>sen6 in abstract number 278
 Inclusion
 of v-SNAREs into COPI vesicles could be mediated by direct interaction with
 the coat.

>sen7 in abstract number 278
 The mechanisms by which v-SNAREs interact with COPI and COPII coat
 proteins seem to be different and may play a key role in determining
 specificity in vesicle budding

>sen1 in abstract number 279
p115 tethers coat protein (COP)I vesicles to Golgi membranes.

>sen2 in abstract number 279

 The acidic COOH-terminal domain of p115 links the Golgins, Giantin on COPI
 vesicles, to GM130 on Golgi membranes.

>sen3 in abstract number 279
 We now show that a SNARE motif-related
 domain within p115 stimulates the specific assembly of endogenous Golgi
 SNAREpins containing the t-SNARE, syntaxin 5. p115 catalyzes the construction
 of a cognate GOS-28-syntaxin-5 (v-/t-SNARE) complex by first linking the
 SNAREs to promote their direct interaction.

>sen4 in abstract number 279
 These events are essential for
 NSF-catalyzed reassembly of postmitotic Golgi vesicles and tubules into
 mature cisternae.

>sen5 in abstract number 279
 Staging experiments reveal that the linking of Golgins
 precedes SNAREpin assembly.

>sen6 in abstract number 279
 Thus, p115 coordinates sequential tethering and
 docking of COPI vesicles by first using long tethers (Golgins) and then short
 tethers (SNAREs)

>sen1 in abstract number 280
Tapasin is a subunit of the transporter associated with antigen
 processing (TAP).

>sen2 in abstract number 280
 It associates with the major histocompatibility complex
 (MHC) class I.

>sen3 in abstract number 280
 We show that tapasin interacts with beta- and gamma-subunits
 of COPI coatomer.

>sen4 in abstract number 280
 COPI retrieves membrane proteins from the Golgi network
 back to the endoplasmic reticulum (ER).

>sen5 in abstract number 280
 The COPI subunit-associated tapasin
 also interacts with MHC class I molecules suggesting that tapasin acts as the
 cargo receptor for packing MHC class I molecules as cargo proteins into
 COPI-coated vesicles.

>sen6 in abstract number 280
 In tapasin mutant cells, neither TAP nor MHC class I
 are detected in association with the COPI coatomer.

>sen7 in abstract number 280
 Interestingly,
 tapasin-associated MHC class I molecules are antigenic peptide-receptive and
 detected in both the ER and the Golgi.

>sen8 in abstract number 280
 Our data suggest that tapasin is
 required for the COPI vesicle-mediated retrograde transport of immature MHC
 class I molecules from the Golgi network to the ER

>sen1 in abstract number 281
Recent studies indicate that regulation of the actin
 cytoskeleton is important for protein trafficking, but its precise role is
 unclear.

>sen2 in abstract number 281
 We have characterized the ARF1-dependent assembly of actin on the
 Golgi apparatus.

>sen3 in abstract number 281
 Actin recruitment involves Cdc42/Rac and requires the
 activation of the Arp2/3 complex.

>sen4 in abstract number 281
 Although the actin-binding proteins mAbp1
 (SH3p7) and drebrin share sequence homology, they are differentially
 segregated into two distinct ARF-dependent actin complexes.

>sen5 in abstract number 281
 The binding of
 Cdc42 and mAbp1, which localize to the Golgi apparatus, but not drebrin, is
 blocked by occupation of the p23 cargo-protein-binding site on coatomer.

>sen6 in abstract number 281

 Exogenously expressed mAbp1 is mislocalized and inhibits Golgi transport in
 whole cells.

>sen7 in abstract number 281
 The ability of ARF, vesicle-coat proteins, and cargo to direct
 the assembly of cytoskeletal structures helps explain how only a handful of
 vesicle types can mediate the numerous trafficking steps in the cell

>sen1 in abstract number 282
Brefeldin A (BFA) causes a block in the secretory system of
 eukaryotic cells by inhibiting vesicle formation at the Golgi apparatus.

>sen2 in abstract number 282

 Although this toxin has been used in many studies, its effects on plant cells
 are still shrouded in controversy.

>sen3 in abstract number 282
 We have reinvestigated the early responses
 of plant cells to BFA with novel tools, namely, tobacco Bright Yellow 2
 (BY-2) suspension-cultured cells expressing an in vivo green fluorescent
 protein-Golgi marker, electron microscopy of high-pressure
 frozen/freeze-substituted cells, and antisera against Atgamma-COP, a
 component of COPI coats, and AtArf1, the GTPase necessary for COPI coat
 assembly.

>sen4 in abstract number 282
 The first effect of 10 microg/mL BFA on BY-2 cells was to induce in
 <5 min the complete loss of vesicle-forming Atgamma-COP from Golgi cisternae.

>sen5 in abstract number 282

 During the subsequent 15 to 20 min, this block in Golgi-based vesicle
 formation led to a series of sequential changes in Golgi architecture, the
 loss of distinct Golgi stacks, and the formation of an endoplasmic reticulum
 (ER)-Golgi hybrid compartment with stacked domains.

>sen6 in abstract number 282
 These secondary effects
 appear to depend in part on stabilizing intercisternal filaments and include
 the continued maturation of cis- and medial cisternae into trans-Golgi
 cisternae, as predicted by the cisternal progression model, the shedding of
 trans-Golgi network cisternae, the fusion of individual Golgi cisternae with
 the ER, and the formation of large ER-Golgi hybrid stacks.

>sen7 in abstract number 282
 Prolonged exposure
 of the BY-2 cells to BFA led to the transformation of the ER-Golgi hybrid
 compartment into a sponge-like structure that does not resemble normal ER.

>sen8 in abstract number 282

 Thus, although the initial effects of BFA on plant cells are the same as
 those described for mammalian cells, the secondary and tertiary effects have
 drastically different morphological manifestations.

>sen9 in abstract number 282
 These results indicate
 that, despite a number of similarities in the trafficking machinery with
 other eukaryotes, there are fundamental differences in the functional
 architecture and properties of the plant Golgi apparatus that are the cause
 for the unique responses of the plant secretory pathway to BFA

>sen1 in abstract number 283
The intracellular pathogen Legionella pneumophila subverts
 vesicle traffic in eukaryotic host cells to create a vacuole that supports
 replication.

>sen2 in abstract number 283
 The dot/icm genes encode a protein secretion apparatus that L.
 pneumophila require for biogenesis of this vacuole.

>sen3 in abstract number 283
 Here we show that L.
 pneumophila produce a protein called RalF that functions as an exchange
 factor for the ADP ribosylation factor (ARF) family of guanosine
 triphosphatases (GTPases).

>sen4 in abstract number 283
 The RalF protein is required for the localization
 of ARF on phagosomes containing L. pneumophila.

>sen5 in abstract number 283
 Translocation of RalF protein
 through the phagosomal membrane is a dot/icm-dependent process.

>sen6 in abstract number 283
 Thus, RalF is
 a substrate of the Dot/Icm secretion apparatus

>sen1 in abstract number 284
We present evidence for two subpopulations of coatomer protein I
 vesicles, both containing high amounts of Golgi resident proteins but only
 minor amounts of anterograde cargo.

>sen2 in abstract number 284
 Early Golgi proteins p24alpha2, beta1,
 delta1, and gamma3 are shown to be sorted together into vesicles that are
 distinct from those containing mannosidase II, a glycosidase of the medial
 Golgi stack, and GS28, a SNARE protein of the Golgi stack.

>sen3 in abstract number 284
 Sorting into each
 vesicle population is Arf-1 and GTP hydrolysis dependent and is inhibited by
 aluminum and beryllium fluoride.

>sen4 in abstract number 284
 Using synthetic peptides, we find that the
 cytoplasmic domain of p24beta1 can bind Arf GTPase-activating protein (GAP)1
 and cause direct inhibition of ArfGAP1-mediated GTP hydrolysis on Arf-1 bound
 to liposomes and Golgi membranes.

>sen5 in abstract number 284
 We propose a two-stage reaction to explain
 how GTP hydrolysis constitutes a prerequisite for sorting of resident
 proteins, yet becomes inhibited in their presence

>sen1 in abstract number 285
How the occupied KDEL receptor ERD2 is sorted into COPI vesicles
 for Golgi-to-ER transport is largely unknown.

>sen2 in abstract number 285
 Here, interactions between
 proteins of the COPI transport machinery occurring during a ""wave"" of
 transport of a KDEL ligand were studied in living cells.

>sen3 in abstract number 285
 FRET between CFP and
 YFP fusion proteins was measured by multifocal multiphoton microscopy and
 bulk-cell spectrofluorimetry.

>sen4 in abstract number 285
 Ligand binding induces oligomerization of ERD2
 and recruitment of ARFGAP to the Golgi, where the (ERD2)n/ARFGAP complex
 interacts with membrane-bound ARF1.

>sen5 in abstract number 285
 During KDEL ligand transport,
 interactions of ERD2 with beta-COP and p23 decrease and the proteins
 segregate.

>sen6 in abstract number 285
 Both p24a and p23 interact with ARF1, but only p24 interacts with
 ARFGAP.

>sen7 in abstract number 285
 These findings suggest a model for how cargo-induced oligomerization
 of ERD2 regulates its sorting into COPI-coated buds

>sen1 in abstract number 286
Inhibition of the putative coatomer protein I (COPI) vesicle
 tethering complex, giantin-p115-GM130, may contribute to mitotic Golgi
 breakdown.

>sen2 in abstract number 286
 However, neither this, nor the role of the giantin-p115-GM130
 complex in the maintenance of Golgi structure has been demonstrated in vivo.

>sen3 in abstract number 286

 Therefore, we generated antibodies directed against the mapped binding sites
 in each protein of the complex and injected these into mammalian tissue
 culture cells.

>sen4 in abstract number 286
 Surprisingly, the injected anti-p115 and antigiantin
 antibodies caused proteasome-mediated degradation of the corresponding
 antigens.

>sen5 in abstract number 286
 Reduction of p115 levels below detection led to COPI-dependent
 Golgi fragmentation and apparent accumulation of Golgi-derived vesicles.

>sen6 in abstract number 286
 In
 contrast, neither reduction of giantin below detectable levels, nor
 inhibition of p115 binding to GM130, had any detectable effect on Golgi
 structure or Golgi reassembly after cell division or brefeldin A washout.

>sen7 in abstract number 286

 These observations indicate that inhibition of p115 can induce a mitotic-like
 Golgi disassembly, but its essential role in Golgi structure is independent
 of its Golgi-localized binding partners giantin and GM130

>sen1 in abstract number 287
During neutrophil activation, the properties of the cell are
 rapidly altered by increases in the surface expression of functionally
 important receptors and adherence molecules.

>sen2 in abstract number 287
 At the same time, endocytic and
 phagocytic activities increase.

>sen3 in abstract number 287
 These alterations require precise regulation
 of membrane and protein movement, which is achieved, at least in part, by
 bidirectional movement of small transport vesicles.

>sen4 in abstract number 287
 GTP-binding proteins,
 including Rabs and ADP-ribosylation factors (ARFs), play critical roles in
 regulating vesicle trafficking in other types of cells.

>sen5 in abstract number 287
 The ability to
 immunoisolate the ""secretory"" vesicle subpopulation in which complement
 receptor type 1 (CR1) is stored allowed us to determine which types of
 low-molecular-weight GTP-binding proteins interact with these vesicles and
 under what conditions.

>sen6 in abstract number 287
 CR1-containing vesicles from resting human neutrophils
 constitutively copurify with Rabs 3a, 4, and 5a, and reversibly bind an ARF,
 likely ARF1.

>sen7 in abstract number 287
 ARF binding is dependent on free Mg(2+) and is enhanced by
 GTPgammaS.

>sen8 in abstract number 287
 Mg(2+) at 0.4 microM is necessary for half-maximal binding of ARFs
 to CR1 storage vesicles.

>sen9 in abstract number 287
 Artificial phospholipid vesicles and primary and
 secondary granules from human neutrophils do not bind ARFs themselves and do
 not compete for recruitment of ARFs to CR1 vesicles, suggesting that specific
 membrane environments and/or proteins on these vesicles stabilize the
 ARF-GTP-Mg(2+) complex.

>sen10 in abstract number 287
 Free Ca(2+) at 300 nM does not inhibit ARF binding to
 CR1 storage vesicles, but 10 mM Ca(2+) does reduce such binding.

>sen11 in abstract number 287
 These
 findings suggest that ARF-GTP specifically and reversibly interacts with CR1
 storage vesicles in human polymorphonuclear leukocytes and may play a role in
 regulating their transport

>sen1 in abstract number 288
The classic model for peroxisome biogenesis states that new
 peroxisomes arise by the fission of pre-existing ones and that peroxisomal
 matrix and membrane proteins are recruited directly from the cytosol.

>sen2 in abstract number 288
 Recent
 studies challenge this model and suggest that some peroxisomal membrane
 proteins might traffic via the endoplasmic reticulum to peroxisomes.

>sen3 in abstract number 288
 We have
 studied the trafficking in human fibroblasts of three peroxisomal membrane
 proteins, Pex2p, Pex3p and Pex16p, all of which have been suggested to
 transit the endoplasmic reticulum before arriving in peroxisomes.

>sen4 in abstract number 288
 Here, we
 show that targeting of these peroxisomal membrane proteins is not affected by
 inhibitors of COPI and COPII that block vesicle transport in the early
 secretory pathway.

>sen5 in abstract number 288
 Moreover, we have obtained no evidence for the presence of
 these peroxisomal membrane proteins in compartments other than peroxisomes
 and demonstrate that COPI and COPII inhibitors do not affect peroxisome
 morphology or integrity.

>sen6 in abstract number 288
 Together, these data fail to provide any evidence
 for a role of the endoplasmic reticulum in peroxisome biogenesis

>sen1 in abstract number 289
Calcium has been implicated in regulating vesicle fusion
 reactions, but its potential role in regulating other aspects of protein
 transport, such as vesicle assembly, is largely unexplored.

>sen2 in abstract number 289
 We find that
 treating cells with the membrane-permeable calcium chelator,
 1,2-bis(2-aminophenoxy)ethane-N,N,N',N'-tetraacetic acid
 tetrakis(acetoxymethyl ester) (BAPTA-AM), leads to a dramatic redistribution
 of the vesicle coat protein, coatomer, in the cell.

>sen3 in abstract number 289
 We have used the
 cell-free reconstitution of coat-protomer I (COPI) vesicle assembly to
 characterize the mechanisms of this redistribution.

>sen4 in abstract number 289
 We find that the recovery
 of COPI-coated Golgi vesicles is inhibited by the addition of BAPTA to the
 cell-free vesicle budding assay.

>sen5 in abstract number 289
 When coatomer-coated membranes are incubated
 in the presence of calcium chelators, the membranes ""uncoat,"" indicating
 that calcium is necessary for maintaining the integrity of the coat.

>sen6 in abstract number 289
 This
 uncoating is reversed by the addition of calcium.

>sen7 in abstract number 289
 Interestingly, BAPTA, a
 calcium chelator with fast binding kinetics, is more potent at uncoating the
 coatomer-coated membrane than EGTA, suggesting that a calcium transient or a
 calcium gradient is important for stabilizing COPI vesicle coat.

>sen8 in abstract number 289
 The primary
 target for the effects of calcium on coatomer recruitment is a step that
 occurs after ADP-ribosylation factor binding to the membrane.

>sen9 in abstract number 289
 We suggest that
 a calcium gradient may serve to regulate the timing of vesicle uncoating

>sen1 in abstract number 290
The Sar1 GTPase is an essential component of COPII vesicle coats
 involved in export of cargo from the endoplasmic reticulum of mammalian
 cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 290
 To begin to elucidate its mechanism of action, we now report the
 identity of the mammalian homolog to the yeast Sec12 guanine nucleotide
 exchange factor (18% identity) that promotes Sar1 activation.

>sen3 in abstract number 290
 Mammalian Sec12
 (mSec12) is a type II transmembrane protein with a large cytosolic domain, a
 fragment of which has previously been reported as the transcription factor
 prolactin regulatory element binding protein (PREB). mSec12 promotes
 efficient guanine nucleotide exchange on Sar1, but not Arf1 or Rab GTPases.
 mSec12 is localized to the endoplasmic reticulum and an antibody to the
 cytosolic domain of mSec12 potently inhibits Sar1 recruitment and the
 formation of COPII vesicles in vitro.

>sen4 in abstract number 290
 The dominant negative GDP-restricted
 mutant Sar1[T39N] is shown to be a potent inhibitor of mSec12 activity,
 consistent with its role in preventing COPII vesicle formation in vitro and
 during transient expression in vivo.

>sen5 in abstract number 290
 We propose that mSec12 is an
 evolutionarily distant guanine nucleotide exchange factor directing Sar1
 GTPase activation in mammalian cells.

>sen6 in abstract number 290
 Its divergence from yeast Sec12p may
 reflect the specialized needs of the mammalian endoplasmic reticulum
 involving the formation of Sar1-dependent transitional elements (Aridor M, et
 al.

>sen7 in abstract number 290
 J Cell Biol 2001;152:213-229) and selection of cargo into prebudding
 complexes

>sen1 in abstract number 291
The movement of nascent proteins from sites of synthesis to
 final cellular or extracellular destinations involves their transport through
 a distinct series of vesicular compartments.

>sen2 in abstract number 291
 Vesicle biogenesis is regulated
 by specific proteins and co-factors that control distinct steps including
 budding, transport, docking, and fusion with target membranes.

>sen3 in abstract number 291
 Budding
 requires assembly of a coat protein complex on the membrane, membrane
 deformation and the subsequent cleavage of the nascent vesicle from donor
 membrane.

>sen4 in abstract number 291
 Coat proteins may also mediate vesicle interactions with the
 cytoskeleton or insulate the vesicles from fusion with unwanted compartments.

>sen5 in abstract number 291

 Three classes of cytoplasmic coats have been identified. (1) Clathrin,
 interacting with different adaptor proteins, participates in endocytosis,
 lysosome biogenesis and as yet unidentified vesicular transport processes
 that arise in the trans-Golgi region of cells [reviewed in (Kreis, T.

>sen6 in abstract number 291
E.,
 Lowe, M., Pepperkok, R., 1995.

>sen7 in abstract number 291
 COPs regulating membrane traffic.

>sen8 in abstract number 291
 Ann.

>sen9 in abstract number 291
 Rev.

>sen10 in abstract number 291

 Cell.

>sen11 in abstract number 291
 Dev.

>sen12 in abstract number 291
 Biol. 11, 677--706.)]. (2) The COPI coatomer is involved in
 retrograde traffic within the Golgi and from the cis-Golgi region to the
 endoplasmic reticulum (ER).

>sen13 in abstract number 291
 It may also participate in anterograde transport
 from the ER [reviewed in (Aridor, M., Balch, W.

>sen14 in abstract number 291
E., 1999.

>sen15 in abstract number 291
 Integration of
 endoplasmic reticulum signaling in health and disease.

>sen16 in abstract number 291
 Nature 5, 745--751.)].
 (3) COPII coats mediate anterograde transport of cargo out of the ER
 [Barlowe, C., Orci, L., Yeung, T., Hosobuchi, M., Hamamoto, S., Salama, N.,
 Rexach, M.

>sen17 in abstract number 291
F., Ravazazola, M., Amherdt, M., Schekman, R., 1994.

>sen18 in abstract number 291
 COPII: a
 membrane coat formed by sec proteins that drive vesicle budding from the
 endoplasmic reticulum.

>sen19 in abstract number 291
 Cell 77, 895--907; Scales, S.

>sen20 in abstract number 291
J., Gomez, M., Kreis,
 T.

>sen21 in abstract number 291
E., 2000.

>sen22 in abstract number 291
 Coat proteins regulating membrane traffic.

>sen23 in abstract number 291
 Int.

>sen24 in abstract number 291
 Rev.

>sen25 in abstract number 291
 Cytol. 195,
 67--144.].

>sen26 in abstract number 291
 The COPII coat is required for budding from the ER and ER to Golgi
 trafficking.

>sen27 in abstract number 291
 Further, COPII proteins also participate in cargo selection and
 concentrate some nascent proteins in the budding vesicle.

>sen28 in abstract number 291
 Recent studies have
 shown that human disease may result from mutations that affect proteins in
 COPII vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 292
ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF) GTPases and their regulatory
 proteins have been implicated in the control of diverse biological functions.

>sen2 in abstract number 292

 Two main classes of positive regulatory elements for ARF have been discovered
 so far: the large Sec7/Gea and the small cytohesin/ARNO families,
 respectively.

>sen3 in abstract number 292
 These proteins harbor guanine-nucleotide-exchange factor (GEF)
 activity exerted by the common Sec7 domain.

>sen4 in abstract number 292
 The availability of a specific
 inhibitor, the fungal metabolite brefeldin A, has enabled documentation of
 the involvement of the large GEFs in vesicle transport.

>sen5 in abstract number 292
 However, because of
 the lack of such tools, the biological roles of the small GEFs have remained
 controversial.

>sen6 in abstract number 292
 Here, we have selected a series of RNA aptamers that
 specifically recognize the Sec7 domain of cytohesin 1.

>sen7 in abstract number 292
 Some aptamers inhibit
 guanine-nucleotide exchange on ARF1, thereby preventing ARF activation in
 vitro.

>sen8 in abstract number 292
 Among them, aptamer M69 exhibited unexpected specificity for the small
 GEFs, because it does not interact with or inhibit the GEF activity of the
 related Gea2-Sec7 domain, a member of the class of large GEFs.

>sen9 in abstract number 292
 The inhibitory
 effect demonstrated in vitro clearly is observed as well in vivo, based on
 the finding that M69 produces similar results as a dominant-negative,
 GEF-deficient mutant of cytohesin 1: when expressed in the cytoplasm of
 T-cells, M69 reduces stimulated adhesion to intercellular adhesion molecule-1
 and results in a dramatic reorganization of F-actin distribution.

>sen10 in abstract number 292
 These
 highly specific cellular effects suggest that the ARF-GEF activity of
 cytohesin 1 plays an important role in cytoskeletal remodeling events of
 lymphoid cells

>sen1 in abstract number 293
The activation of the small ras-like GTPase Arf1p requires the
 action of guanine nucleotide exchange factors.

>sen2 in abstract number 293
 Four Arf1p guanine nucleotide
 exchange factors have been identified in yeast: Sec7p, Syt1p, Gea1p, and its
 homologue Gea2p.

>sen3 in abstract number 293
 We identified GEA2 as a multicopy suppressor of a sec21-3
 temperature-sensitive mutant.

>sen4 in abstract number 293
 SEC21 encodes the gamma-subunit of coatomer, a
 heptameric protein complex that together with Arf1p forms the COPI coat.

>sen5 in abstract number 293
 GEA1
 and GEA2 have at least partially overlapping functions, because deletion of
 either gene results in no obvious phenotype, whereas the double null mutant
 is inviable.

>sen6 in abstract number 293
 Conditional mutants defective in both GEA1 and GEA2 accumulate
 endoplasmic reticulum and Golgi membranes under restrictive conditions.

>sen7 in abstract number 293
 The
 two genes do not serve completely overlapping functions because a Deltagea1
 Deltaarf1 mutant is not more sickly than a Deltaarf1 strain, whereas
 Deltagea2 Deltaarf1 is inviable.

>sen8 in abstract number 293
 Biochemical experiments revealed similar
 distributions and activities for the two proteins.

>sen9 in abstract number 293
 Gea1p and Gea2p exist both
 in membrane-bound and in soluble forms.

>sen10 in abstract number 293
 The membrane-bound forms, at least
 one of which, Gea2p, can be visualized on Golgi structures, are both required
 for vesicle budding and protein transport from the Golgi to the endoplasmic
 reticulum.

>sen11 in abstract number 293
 In contrast, Sec7p, which is required for protein transport within
 the Golgi, is not required for retrograde protein trafficking

>sen1 in abstract number 294
ADP-ribosylation factor 1 (ARF1) was originally found as a
 cofactor in CT-catalyzed ADP-ribosylation of Galpha(s) but is now known to
 participate in vesicle trafficking.

>sen2 in abstract number 294
 We asked whether ARF1 function in
 vesicular trafficking is necessary for CT-induced morphological changes in
 Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells, which result from increased intracellular
 cAMP.

>sen3 in abstract number 294
 Brefeldin A treatment of cells suppressed CT action, confirming a
 requirement for Golgi integrity.

>sen4 in abstract number 294
 Overexpression of a GFP-ARF1 fusion protein
 did not affect the morphological changes induced by CT, but changes were
 reduced in cells overexpressing guanine nucleotide exchange-defective
 ARF1(T31N) or GTP hydrolysis-deficient ARF1(Q71L) mutants.

>sen5 in abstract number 294
 In cells
 expressing these mutants, 8-bromo-cAMP induced changes similar to those seen
 in cells transfected with ARF1 or vector.

>sen6 in abstract number 294
 Inhibition of CT action was
 specific for mutants of ARF1 and not reproduced by analogous mutants of ARF5
 or ARF6.

>sen7 in abstract number 294
 ARF1(Q71L) was mostly colocalized with betaCOP, but ARF5(Q71L) less
 so.

>sen8 in abstract number 294
 ARF6(Q67L) did not colocalize with betaCOP and was partially associated
 with the plasma membrane.

>sen9 in abstract number 294
 These data are consistent with the conclusion that
 ARF1 influenced CT action in cells by its specific function in the vesicular
 transport pathway used by CT to travel from plasma membrane to Golgi to ER

>sen1 in abstract number 295
To identify novel factors required for ER to Golgi transport in
 yeast we performed a screen for genes that, when mutated, confer a dependence
 on a dominant mutant form of the ER to Golgi vesicle docking factor Sly1p,
 termed Sly1-20p.

>sen2 in abstract number 295
 DSL1, a novel gene isolated in the screen, encodes an
 essential protein with a predicted molecular mass of 88 kDa.

>sen3 in abstract number 295
 DSL1 is required
 for transport between the ER and the Golgi because strains bearing mutant
 alleles of this gene accumulate the pre-Golgi form of transported proteins at
 the restrictive temperature.

>sen4 in abstract number 295
 Two strains bearing temperature-sensitive
 alleles of DSL1 display distinct phenotypes as observed by electron
 microscopy at the restrictive temperature; although both strains accumulate
 ER membrane, one also accumulates vesicles.

>sen5 in abstract number 295
 Interestingly, the inviability of
 strains bearing several mutant alleles of DSL1 can be suppressed by
 expression of either Erv14p (a protein required for the movement of a
 specific protein from the ER to the Golgi), Sec21p (the gamma-subunit of the
 COPI coat protein complex coatomer), or Sly1-20p.

>sen6 in abstract number 295
 Because the strongest
 suppressor is SEC21, we proposed that Dsl1p functions primarily in retrograde
 Golgi to ER traffic, although it is possible that Dsl1p functions in
 anterograde traffic as well, perhaps at the docking stage, as suggested by
 the suppression by SLY1-20

>sen1 in abstract number 296
Cargo molecules have to be included in carrier vesicles of
 different forms and sizes to be transported between organelles.

>sen2 in abstract number 296
 During this
 process, a limited set of proteins, including the coat proteins COPI, COPII
 and clathrin, carries out a programmed set of sequential interactions that
 lead to the budding of vesicles.

>sen3 in abstract number 296
 A general model to explain the formation of
 coated vesicles is starting to emerge but the picture is more complex than we
 had imagined

>sen1 in abstract number 297
The small GTPase Rab2 initiates the recruitment of soluble
 components necessary for protein sorting and recycling from pre-Golgi
 intermediates.

>sen2 in abstract number 297
 Our previous studies showed that Rab2 required protein kinase
 C (PKC) or a PKC-like protein to recruit beta-COP to membrane (Tisdale EJ,
 Jackson M.

>sen3 in abstract number 297
 Rab2 protein enhances coatomer recruitment to pre-Golgi
 intermediates.

>sen4 in abstract number 297
 J Biol Chem 1998;273: 17269-17277).

>sen5 in abstract number 297
 We investigated the role
 of PKC in Rab2 function by first determining the active isoform that
 associates with membranes used in our assay.

>sen6 in abstract number 297
 Western blot analysis detected
 three isoforms: PKC alpha, gamma and iota/lambda.

>sen7 in abstract number 297
 A quantitative binding
 assay was used to measure recruitment of these kinases when incubated with
 Rab2.

>sen8 in abstract number 297
 Only PKC iota/lambda translocated to membrane in a dose-dependent
 manner.

>sen9 in abstract number 297
 Microsomes treated with anti-PKC iota/lambda lost the ability to bind
 beta-COP, suggesting that Rab2 requires PKC iota/lambda for beta-COP
 recruitment.

>sen10 in abstract number 297
 The recruitment of beta-COP to membranes is not regulated by PKC
 iota/lambda kinase activity.

>sen11 in abstract number 297
 However, PKC iota/lambda activity was necessary
 for Rab2-mediated vesicle budding.

>sen12 in abstract number 297
 We found that the addition of either a
 kinase-deficient PKC iota/lambda mutant or atypical PKC pseudosubstrate
 peptide to the binding assay drastically reduced vesicle formation.

>sen13 in abstract number 297
 These
 data suggest that Rab2 causes translocation of PKC iota/lambda to vesicular
 tubular clusters (VTCs), which promotes the recruitment of COPI to generate
 retrograde-transport vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 298
This review includes 16 structures of vesicle coat components
 and accessory proteins and a description of their roles in vesicle budding or
 coat disassembly

>sen1 in abstract number 299
Intracellular transport between the endoplasmic reticulum and
 Golgi compartments is mediated by coat protein complexes (COPI and COPII)
 that form transport vesicles and collect the desired set of cargo.

>sen2 in abstract number 299
 Although
 the COPI and COPII coats are molecularly distinct, a number of mechanistic
 parallels appear to be emerging, most notably a general role for small
 guanine triphosphatases in co-ordinating coat assembly with cargo selection.

>sen3 in abstract number 299

 A combination of morphological, biochemical, and genetic methods is revealing
 a very dynamic relationship between these compartments, and highlights a
 central role for COPs in directing traffic through the early secretory
 pathway.

>sen4 in abstract number 299
 This review focuses on recent advances in molecular mechanisms
 underlying coated-vesicle assembly and connections with cellular structures

>sen1 in abstract number 300
The G-protein activators guanosine 5'-O-(3-thiodiphosphate) (GTP
 gamma S) and aluminum fluoride (AIF) are thought to inhibit transport between
 Golgi cisternae by causing the accumulation of nonfunctional coatomer-coated
 transport vesicles on the Golgi.

>sen2 in abstract number 300
 Although GTP gamma S and AIF inhibit
 transport in cell-free intra-Golgi transport systems, blocking coatomer
 vesicle formation does not.

>sen3 in abstract number 300
 We therefore determined whether inhibition of in
 vitro Golgi transport by these agents requires coatomer vesicle formation.

>sen4 in abstract number 300

 Depletion of coatomer was found to completely block coated vesicle formation
 on Golgi cisternae without affecting inhibition of in vitro transport by
 either GTP gamma S or AIF.

>sen5 in abstract number 300
 Depletion of ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF)
 prevented inhibition of transport by GTP gamma S, but not by AIF, suggesting
 that the AIF-sensitive component in transport may not be a GTP-binding
 protein.

>sen6 in abstract number 300
 Surprisingly, depletion of cytosolic ARF did not prevent the GTP
 gamma S-induced formation of Golgi-coated vesicles, whereas ARF was required
 for AIF-induced vesicle formation.

>sen7 in abstract number 300
 Although ARF or coatomer depletion caused
 an increase in the fenestration of cisternae, no other ultrastructural
 changes were observed that might explain the inhibition of transport by GTP
 gamma S or AIF.

>sen8 in abstract number 300
 These findings suggest that ARF-GTP gamma S and AIF act by
 distinct and coatomer-independent mechanisms to inhibit membrane fusion in
 cell-free intra-Golgi transport

>sen1 in abstract number 301
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER)-to-Golgi traffic in yeast proceeds by
 the maturation of membrane compartments from post-ER vesicles to intermediate
 small vesicle tubular clusters (VTCs) to Golgi nodular membrane networks
 (Morin-Ganet et al., Traffic 2000; 1: 56-68).

>sen2 in abstract number 301
 The balance between ER and
 Golgi compartments is maintained by COPII- and COPI-mediated anterograde and
 retrograde traffic, which are dependent on Sec7p and ARF function.

>sen3 in abstract number 301
 The sec7-4
 temperature-sensitive allele is a mutation in the highly conserved Sec7
 domain (Sec7d) found in all ARF-guanine nucleotide exchange factor proteins.

>sen4 in abstract number 301

 Post-ER trafficking is rapidly inactivated in sec7-4 mutant yeast at the
 restrictive temperature.

>sen5 in abstract number 301
 This conditional defect prevented the normal
 production of VTCs and instead generated Golgi-like tubes emanating from the
 ER exit sites.

>sen6 in abstract number 301
 These tubes progressively developed into stacked cisternae
 defining the landmark sec7 mutant phenotype.

>sen7 in abstract number 301
 Consistent with the in vivo
 results, a Sec7d peptide inhibited ER-to-Golgi transport and displaced Sec7p
 from its membrane anchor in vitro.

>sen8 in abstract number 301
 The similarities in the consequences of
 inactivating Sec7p or ARFs in vivo was revealed by genetic disruption of
 yeast ARFs or by addition of brefeldin A (BFA) to whole cells.

>sen9 in abstract number 301
 These
 treatments, as in sec7-4 yeast, affected the morphology of membrane
 compartments in the ER-Golgi transition.

>sen10 in abstract number 301
 Further evidence for Sec7p
 involvement in the transition for Golgi biogenesis was revealed by in vitro
 binding between distinct domains of Sec7p with ARFs, COPI and COPII coat
 proteins.

>sen11 in abstract number 301
 These results suggest that Sec7p coordinates membrane transitions
 in Golgi biogenesis by directing and scaffolding the binding and disassembly
 of coat protein complexes to membranes, both at the VTC transition from ER
 exit sites to form Golgi elements and for later events in Golgi maturation

>sen1 in abstract number 302
Arachidonyltrifluoromethy ketone (AACOCF(3)), a phospholipase
 A(2) antagonist, reversibly induced dispersal of Golgi stack- and trans Golgi
 network (TGN)-resident proteins throughout the cytoplasm in NRK cells as
 followed by immunocytochemical staining of ManII and TGN38, respectively.

>sen2 in abstract number 302
 The
 action of AACOCF(3) was partly blocked by other PLA(2) antagonists,
 suggesting it be not caused by a general inhibition of phospholipase A(2).

>sen3 in abstract number 302

 AACOCF(3) neither dissociated beta-COP from membranes nor prevented brefeldin
 A-induced beta-COP release.

>sen4 in abstract number 302
 Action of AACOCF(3) on the Golgi stack and TGN is
 different from that of brefeldin A and nordihydroguaiaretic acid.

>sen5 in abstract number 302
 The most
 prominent difference is that the Golgi stack and TGN showed a similar
 sensitivity to AACOCF(3), while the TGN was dispersed more slowly than the
 Golgi stack in brefeldin A- or nordihydroguaiaretic acid-treated NRK cells.

>sen6 in abstract number 302

 This novel action of AACOCF(3) may be used as pharmacological tool and give
 new insights into vesicle-mediated traffic and Golgi membrane dynamics

>sen1 in abstract number 303
Mnn9p is a component of two distinct multiprotein complexes in
 the Saccharomyces cerevisiae cis-Golgi that have both been shown to have
 alpha-1,6-mannosyltransferase activity in vitro.

>sen2 in abstract number 303
 In one of these complexes,
 Mnn9p associates with four other membrane proteins, Anp1p, Mnn10p, Mnn11p,
 and Hoc1p, whereas the other complex consists of Mnn9p and Van1p.

>sen3 in abstract number 303
 Members of
 the Mnn9p-containing complexes were incorporated into COPII vesicles made in
 vitro from endoplasmic reticulum (ER) membranes isolated from
 cycloheximide-treated cells.

>sen4 in abstract number 303
 This behavior is consistent with an active Golgi
 to ER recycling process.

>sen5 in abstract number 303
 To examine this path in vivo, we monitored
 retrograde transport of subunits of the complex in cells blocked in
 anterograde transport from the ER.

>sen6 in abstract number 303
 In this situation, specific relocation of
 the proteins from the Golgi to the ER was observed in the absence of new
 protein synthesis.

>sen7 in abstract number 303
 Conversely, when retrograde transport was blocked in vivo,
 subunits of the mannosyltransferase complex accumulated in the vacuole.

>sen8 in abstract number 303

 Packaging of Mnn9p in COPI-coated vesicles from purified Golgi membranes was
 also investigated using a coatomer-dependent vesicle budding assay.

>sen9 in abstract number 303
 Gradient
 fractionation experiments showed that Mnn9p and the retrograde v-SNARE,
 Sec22p, were incorporated into COPI-coated vesicles.

>sen10 in abstract number 303
 These observations
 indicate that the Mnn9p-containing mannosyltransferase complexes cycle back
 and forth between the ER and Golgi

>sen1 in abstract number 304
Coat protein (COP)-coated vesicles have been shown to mediate
 protein transport through early steps of the secretory pathway in yeast and
 mammalian cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 304
 Here, we attempt to elucidate their role in vesicular
 trafficking of plant cells, using a combined biochemical and ultrastructural
 approach.

>sen3 in abstract number 304
 Immunogold labeling of cryosections revealed that COPI proteins are
 localized to microvesicles surrounding or budding from the Golgi apparatus.

>sen4 in abstract number 304

 COPI-coated buds primarily reside on the cis-face of the Golgi stack.

>sen5 in abstract number 304
 In
 addition, COPI and Arf1p show predominant labeling of the cis-Golgi stack,
 gradually diminishing toward the trans-Golgi stack.

>sen6 in abstract number 304
 In vitro COPI-coated
 vesicle induction experiments demonstrated that Arf1p as well as coatomer
 could be recruited from cauliflower cytosol onto mixed endoplasmic reticulum
 (ER)/Golgi membranes.

>sen7 in abstract number 304
 Binding of Arf1p and coatomer is inhibited by brefeldin
 A, underlining the specificity of the recruitment mechanism.

>sen8 in abstract number 304
 In vitro vesicle
 budding was confirmed by identification of COPI-coated vesicles through
 immunogold negative staining in a fraction purified from isopycnic sucrose
 gradient centrifugation.

>sen9 in abstract number 304
 Similar in vitro induction experiments with tobacco
 ER/Golgi membranes prepared from transgenic plants overproducing barley
 alpha-amylase-HDEL yielded a COPI-coated vesicle fraction that contained
 alpha-amylase as well as calreticulin

>sen1 in abstract number 305
Taste receptor cells are continuously replaced during the life
 of the animal, but many of their sensory axons respond primarily to stimuli
 belonging to a single taste quality.

>sen2 in abstract number 305
 This suggests that a newly arising taste
 cell must form a synapse with an appropriate sensory axon, requiring cell
 recognition that is likely to be mediated by surface markers.

>sen3 in abstract number 305
 As an approach
 to studying this process, we attempted to locate synapses by immunolabeling
 taste buds of rats for proteins involved in neurotransmitter release.

>sen4 in abstract number 305
 In
 taste bud cells of vallate papillae and nasoincisor ducts, double-labeling
 experiments showed that syntaxin-1, SNAP-25, synaptobrevin, and synaptophysin
 colocalized with the Golgi marker beta COP in elongated cytoplasmic
 compartments that extended from the perinuclear region into apical and basal
 processes of the cells.

>sen5 in abstract number 305
 Labeled cells were spindle-shaped, identifying them
 as light cells.

>sen6 in abstract number 305
 Syntaxin-1 appeared only in taste cells, but SNAP-25,
 synaptobrevin, and synaptophysin were also seen in nerve fibers.

>sen7 in abstract number 305
 The synaptic
 vesicle glycoprotein SV2 appeared only in nerve fibers.

>sen8 in abstract number 305
 Taste cells of
 fungiform papillae did not show immunoreactivity for presynaptic proteins or
 Golgi markers, but axonal labeling was similar to that in other regions.

>sen9 in abstract number 305

 Taste cells with alpha-gustducin could express either presynaptic proteins or
 the carbohydrate blood group antigen Lewis(b), but not both.

>sen10 in abstract number 305
 Therefore,
 Lewis(b) and presynaptic proteins are not expressed during the same period in
 the life of a taste bud cell.

>sen11 in abstract number 305
 Most taste cells expressing syntaxin-1 (82%)
 also expressed the A blood group antigen, whether or not they expressed
 alpha-gustducin

>sen1 in abstract number 306
PURPOSE: Biochemical and genetic evidence suggests that
 overexpression of or mutations in myocilin within the cells of the aqueous
 humor outflow pathway play a significant role in the development of
 steroid-induced and several other open-angle glaucomas.

>sen2 in abstract number 306
 As a baseline to
 understanding the normal and pathologic function of myocilin, we determined
 the subcellular localization of myocilin in steroid-treated human Schlemm's
 canal endothelial (SC) cells.

>sen3 in abstract number 306
 METHODS: SC cells were grown to confluence,
 treated with dexamethasone for 10 days, and then stained using antibodies
 against myocilin, tubulin, or beta-COP (a specific golgi protein) or vital
 stains for endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and golgi.

>sen4 in abstract number 306
 Brefeldin A (BFA) and
 nocodazol (NZ) were used to disrupt the golgi or microtubules.

>sen5 in abstract number 306
 RESULTS: The
 authors found that myocilin staining was (a) always centered around the
 centrosome, (b) very similar to the pattern seen with NBD-ceramide, (c) was
 disrupted in characteristic ways by BFA and NZ and (d) showed extensive
 colocalization with beta-COP.

>sen6 in abstract number 306
 CONCLUSIONS: Results indicate that myocilin is
 localized to the golgi in SC cells.

>sen7 in abstract number 306
 Such localization is consistent with
 myocilin being processed for secretion but is also consistent with sequence
 analysis and other data that suggest that myocilin or myocilin mutations
 might be targeted to the cytoplasmic face of the golgi, and under some
 circumstances play a role in or interfere with golgi or vesicle function.

>sen8 in abstract number 306
 How
 such interference could eventually lead to open angle glaucoma is discussed

>sen1 in abstract number 307
Protein transport in the early secretory pathway requires Rab2
 GTPase.

>sen2 in abstract number 307
 This protein promotes the recruitment of soluble components that
 participate in protein sorting and recycling from pre-Golgi intermediates
 (vesicular tubular clusters (VTCs)).

>sen3 in abstract number 307
 We previously reported that a
 constitutively activated form of Rab2 (Q65L) as well as Rab2 wild type
 promoted vesicle formation from VTCs.

>sen4 in abstract number 307
 These vesicles contained Rab2,
 beta-COP, p53/gp58, and protein kinase Ciota/lambda but lacked
 anterograde-directed cargo.

>sen5 in abstract number 307
 To identify other candidate Rab2 effectors, the
 polypeptide composition of the vesicles was further analyzed.

>sen6 in abstract number 307
 We found that
 vesicles released in response to Rab2 also contained the glycolytic enzyme
 glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH).

>sen7 in abstract number 307
 To study the relationship
 of this enzyme to Rab2 function, we performed a quantitative binding assay to
 measure recruitment of GAPDH to membrane when incubated with Rab2.

>sen8 in abstract number 307

 Rab2-treated microsomes showed a 5-10-fold increase in the level of
 membrane-associated GAPDH.

>sen9 in abstract number 307
 We generated an affinity-purified anti-GAPDH
 polyclonal to study the biochemical role of GAPDH in the early secretory
 pathway.

>sen10 in abstract number 307
 The antibody arrests transport of a reporter molecule in an assay
 that reconstitutes ER to Golgi traffic.

>sen11 in abstract number 307
 Furthermore, the affinity-purified
 antibody blocked the ability of Rab2 to recruit GAPDH to membrane.

>sen12 in abstract number 307
 However,
 the antibody did not interfere with Rab2 stimulated vesicle release.

>sen13 in abstract number 307
 These
 data suggest that GAPDH is required for ER to Golgi transport.

>sen14 in abstract number 307
 We propose
 that membranes incubated with anti-GAPDH and Rab2 form ""dead end"" vesicles
 that are unable to transport and fuse with the acceptor compartment

>sen1 in abstract number 308
Coat protein I (COPI) transport vesicles can be tethered to
 Golgi membranes by a complex of fibrous, coiled-coil proteins comprising
 p115, Giantin and GM130. p115 has been postulated to act as a bridge, linking
 Giantin on the vesicle to GM130 on the Golgi membrane.

>sen2 in abstract number 308
 Here we show that the
 acidic COOH terminus of p115 mediates binding to both GM130 and Giantin as
 well as linking the two together.

>sen3 in abstract number 308
 Phosphorylation of serine 941 within this
 acidic domain enhances the binding as well as the link between them.

>sen4 in abstract number 308

 Phosphorylation is mediated by casein kinase II (CKII) or a CKII-like kinase.

>sen5 in abstract number 308

 Surprisingly, the highly conserved NH(2)-terminal head domain of p115 is not
 required for the NSF (N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive fusion protein)-catalyzed
 reassembly of cisternae from mitotic Golgi fragments in a cell-free system.

>sen6 in abstract number 308

 However, the ability of p115 to link GM130 to Giantin and the phosphorylation
 of p115 at serine 941 are required for NSF-catalyzed cisternal regrowth. p115
 phosphorylation may be required for the transition from COPI vesicle
 tethering to COPI vesicle docking, an event that involves the formation of
 trans-SNARE [corrected] (trans-soluble NSF attachment protein [SNAP]
 receptor) complexes

>sen1 in abstract number 309
We find that the peripheral ER in Saccharomyces cerevisiae forms
 a dynamic network of interconnecting membrane tubules throughout the cell
 cycle, similar to the ER in higher eukaryotes.

>sen2 in abstract number 309
 Maintenance of this network
 does not require microtubule or actin filaments, but its dynamic behavior is
 largely dependent on the actin cytoskeleton.

>sen3 in abstract number 309
 We isolated three conditional
 mutants that disrupt peripheral ER structure.

>sen4 in abstract number 309
 One has a mutation in a
 component of the COPI coat complex, which is required for vesicle budding.

>sen5 in abstract number 309

 This mutant has a partial defect in ER segregation into daughter cells and
 disorganized ER in mother cells.

>sen6 in abstract number 309
 A similar phenotype was found in other
 mutants with defects in vesicular trafficking between ER and Golgi complex,
 but not in mutants blocked at later steps in the secretory pathway.

>sen7 in abstract number 309
 The other
 two mutants found in the screen have defects in the signal recognition
 particle (SRP) receptor.

>sen8 in abstract number 309
 This receptor, along with SRP, targets
 ribosome-nascent chain complexes to the ER membrane for protein
 translocation.

>sen9 in abstract number 309
 A conditional mutation in SRP also disrupts ER structure, but
 other mutants with translocation defects do not.

>sen10 in abstract number 309
 We also demonstrate that,
 both in wild-type and mutant cells, the ER and mitochondria partially
 coalign, and that mutations that disrupt ER structure also affect
 mitochondrial structure.

>sen11 in abstract number 309
 Our data suggest that both trafficking between the
 ER and Golgi complex and ribosome targeting are important for maintaining ER
 structure, and that proper ER structure may be required to maintain
 mitochondrial structure

>sen1 in abstract number 310
ADP-ribosylation factors (ARFs) are small Ras-like GTPases which
 play important roles in intracellular vesicle transport and in the remodeling
 of the actin cytoskeleton.

>sen2 in abstract number 310
 Guanine nucleotide exchange factors (GEFs) for
 ARFs have recently been identified.

>sen3 in abstract number 310
 One of them, cytohesin-1, a 47-kDa
 cytoplasmic protein acts as an inside-out signaling molecule and regulates
 binding of the beta2 integrin leukocyte function antigen 1 (LFA-1) to its
 ligand intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM-1).

>sen4 in abstract number 310
 In this study, we address
 the regulation of the GEF activity of cytohesin-1 by phosphoinositides, using
 mammalian expression of functional ARF-Ig chimeras.

>sen5 in abstract number 310
 The fusion proteins,
 which can be quantitatively immunoprecipitated on protein A-Sepharose, target
 to the expected intracellular compartments, and they are readily induced to
 bind GTP in vitro.

>sen6 in abstract number 310
 We show that both ARF1-Ig and ARF6-Ig chimeras are
 activated in vitro by cytohesin-1.

>sen7 in abstract number 310
 However, GEF activity towards ARF6 is
 strongly suppressed by phosphatidylinositol-(3,4,5)-trisphosphate (PtdInsP3).

>sen8 in abstract number 310

 In contrast, cytohesin-1-dependent GTP binding of ARF1 is significantly
 enhanced by PtdInsP3.

>sen9 in abstract number 310
 We conclude that the membrane phospholipid PtdInsP3
 determines the specificity of the GEF activity of cytohesin-1

>sen1 in abstract number 311
Maintenance of the structural and functional organization of a
 eucaryotic cell requires the correct targeting of proteins and lipids to
 their destinations.

>sen2 in abstract number 311
 This is achieved by the delivery of newly synthesized
 material along the secretory pathway on one hand and by the retrieval of
 membranes on the other hand.

>sen3 in abstract number 311
 Various models have been suggested over the
 years to explain traffic flow within the secretory pathway.

>sen4 in abstract number 311
 The only two
 models that are under discussion to date are the ""vesicular model"" and the 
""cisternal maturation model"".

>sen5 in abstract number 311
 A wealth of information from various
 experimental approaches, strongly supports the vesicular model as the general
 mode of intracellular transport.

>sen6 in abstract number 311
 Three major types of protein-coated
 transport vesicles are characterized in molecular detail, and have been
 attributed to various steps of the secretory pathway: COPII-coated vesicles
 allow exit from the endoplasmic reticulum (ER), COPI-coated vesicles carry
 proteins within the early secretory pathway, i.e. between ER and Golgi
 apparatus, and clathrin-coated vesicles mediate transport from the
 trans-Golgi network (TGN).

>sen7 in abstract number 311
 In this review we will give an overview of the
 route of a protein along the secretory pathway and summarize the progress
 that was made within the last decades in the characterization of distinct
 intracellular transport steps.

>sen8 in abstract number 311
 We will discuss the current models for the
 formation and fusion of vesicular carriers with a major focus on the
 mechanism underlying budding of a COPI-coated vesicle

>sen1 in abstract number 312
Coatomer, the coat protein complex of coat protein (COPI)
 vesicles, is involved in the budding of these vesicles.

>sen2 in abstract number 312
 Its interaction with
 the cytoplasmic domains of some p24-family members, type I transmembrane
 proteins of the Golgi, has been shown to induce a conformational change of
 coatomer that initiates polymerization of the complex.

>sen3 in abstract number 312
 From stoichiometrical
 data it is likely that interaction of coatomer with the small tail domains
 involves an oligomeric form of the p24 proteins.

>sen4 in abstract number 312
 Here we present the
 structure of peptide analogs of the cytoplasmic domain of p23, a member of
 the p24 family, as determined by two-dimensional nuclear magnetic resonance
 spectroscopy in the presence of 2,2,2-trifluoroethanol.

>sen5 in abstract number 312
 An improved strategy
 for structure calculation revealed that the tail domain peptides form
 alpha-helices and adopt a tetrameric state.

>sen6 in abstract number 312
 Based on these results we propose
 an initial model for the binding of coatomer by p23 and the induced
 conformational change of coatomer that results in its polymerization,
 curvature of the Golgi membrane to form a bud, and finally a COPI-coated
 vesicle

>sen1 in abstract number 313
The small GTP-binding protein ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF) has
 been shown to regulate the interaction of actin and actin-binding proteins
 with the Golgi apparatus.

>sen2 in abstract number 313
 Here we report that ARF activation stimulates the
 assembly of distinct pools of actin on Golgi membranes.

>sen3 in abstract number 313
 One pool of actin
 cofractionates with coatomer (COPI)- coated vesicles and is sensitive to salt
 extraction and the plus end actin-binding toxin cytochalasin D.

>sen4 in abstract number 313
 A second
 ARF-dependent actin pool remains on the Golgi membranes following vesicle
 extraction and is insensitive to cytochalasin D.

>sen5 in abstract number 313
 Isolation of the
 salt-extractable ARF-dependent actin from the Golgi reveals that it is bound
 to a distinct repertoire of actin-binding proteins.

>sen6 in abstract number 313
 The two abundant
 actin-binding proteins of the ARF-dependent actin complex are identified as
 spectrin and drebrin.

>sen7 in abstract number 313
 We show that drebrin is a specific component of the
 cytochalasin D-sensitive, ARF-dependent actin pool on the Golgi.

>sen8 in abstract number 313
 Finally, we
 show that depolymerization of this actin pool with cytochalasin D increases
 the extent of the salt-dependent release of COPI-coated vesicles from the
 Golgi following cell-free budding reactions.

>sen9 in abstract number 313
 Together these data suggest that
 regulation of the actin-based cytoskeleton may play an important role during
 ARF-mediated transport vesicle assembly or release on the Golgi

>sen1 in abstract number 314
Sorting signals on cargo proteins are recognized by coatomer for
 selective uptake into COPI (coatomer)-coated vesicles.

>sen2 in abstract number 314
 This study shows that
 coatomer couples sorting signal recognition to the GTP hydrolysis reaction on
 ARF1.

>sen3 in abstract number 314
 Coatomer responds differently to different signals.

>sen4 in abstract number 314
 The cytoplasmic
 signal sequence of hp24a inhibits coatomer-dependent GTP hydrolysis.

>sen5 in abstract number 314
 By
 contrast, the dilysine retrieval signal, which competes for the same binding
 site on coatomer, has no effect on GTPase activity.

>sen6 in abstract number 314
 It is inferred that, in
 vivo, sorting signal selection is under kinetic control, with coatomer
 governing a GTPase discard pathway that excludes dilysine-tagged proteins
 from one class of COPI-coated vesicles.

>sen7 in abstract number 314
 The concept of competing sets of
 sorting signals that act positively and negatively during vesicle budding
 through a GTPase switch in the COPI coat complex suggests mechanisms for
 cargo segregation in which specificity is conferred by GTP hydrolysis

>sen1 in abstract number 315
Phagosomes mature by sequentially fusing with endosomes and
 lysosomes.

>sen2 in abstract number 315
 Vesicle budding is presumed to occur concomitantly, mediating the
 retrieval of plasmalemmal components and the regulation of phagosomal size.

>sen3 in abstract number 315

 We analyzed whether fission of vesicles from phagosomes requires COPI, a
 multimeric complex known to be involved in budding from the Golgi and
 endosomes.

>sen4 in abstract number 315
 The role of COPI was studied using ldlF cells, that harbor a
 temperature-sensitive mutation in epsilon-COP, a subunit of the coatomer
 complex.

>sen5 in abstract number 315
 These cells were made phagocytic toward IgG-opsonized particles by
 heterologous expression of human FcgammaRIIA receptors.

>sen6 in abstract number 315
 Following incubation
 at the restrictive temperature, epsilon-COP was degraded in these cells and
 their Golgi complex dispersed.

>sen7 in abstract number 315
 Nevertheless, phagocytosis persisted for hours
 in cells devoid of epsilon-COP.

>sen8 in abstract number 315
 Retrieval of transferrin receptors from
 phagosomes became inefficient in the absence of epsilon-COP, while clearance
 of the FcgammaRIIA receptors was unaffected.

>sen9 in abstract number 315
 This indicates that fission of
 vesicles from the phagosomal membrane involves at least two mechanisms, one
 of which requires intact COPI.

>sen10 in abstract number 315
 Traffic of fluid-phase markers and aggregated
 IgG-receptor complexes along the endocytic pathway was abnormal in
 epsilon-COP-deficient cells.

>sen11 in abstract number 315
 In contrast, phagosome fusion with endosomes and
 lysosomes was unimpaired.

>sen12 in abstract number 315
 Moreover, the resulting phagolysosomes were highly
 acidic.

>sen13 in abstract number 315
 Similar results were obtained in RAW264.7 macrophages treated with
 brefeldin A, which precludes COPI assembly by interfering with the activation
 of adenosine ribosylation factor.

>sen14 in abstract number 315
 These data indicate that neither phagosome
 formation nor maturation are absolutely dependent on COPI.

>sen15 in abstract number 315
 Our findings imply
 that phagosomal maturation differs from endosomal progression, which appears
 to be more dependent on COPI-mediated formation of carrier vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 316
To investigate the factors involved in the sorting of cargo
 proteins into COPII endoplasmic reticulum (ER) to Golgi apparatus transport
 vesicles, we have created a strain of S. cerevisiae (p24Delta8) that lacks
 all eight members of the p24 family of transmembrane proteins (Emp24p,
 Erv25p, and Erp1p to Erp6p).

>sen2 in abstract number 316
 The p24 proteins have been implicated in COPI
 and COPII vesicle formation, cargo protein sorting, and regulation of
 vesicular transport in eukaryotic cells.

>sen3 in abstract number 316
 We find that p24Delta8 cells grow
 identically to wild type and show delays of invertase and Gas1p ER-to-Golgi
 transport identical to those seen in a single Deltaemp24 deletion strain.

>sen4 in abstract number 316

 Thus, p24 proteins do not have an essential function in the secretory
 pathway.

>sen5 in abstract number 316
 Instead, they may serve as quality control factors to restrict the
 entry of proteins into COPII vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 317
ADP-ribosylation factor 1 (Arf1) plays an important role in
 early and intra-Golgi protein trafficking.

>sen2 in abstract number 317
 During this process, Arf1
 interacts with many different proteins and other molecules that regulate its
 state of activation or are involved in its intracellular function.

>sen3 in abstract number 317
 To
 determine which of these proteins interact directly with Arf1 during coat
 protein type I (COPI) vesicle biogenesis, we probed the molecular environment
 of Arf1 by use of site-specific photocrosslinking.

>sen4 in abstract number 317
 This method was first used
 successfully in the field of protein trafficking to study the mechanisms
 involved in protein translocation across the endoplasmic reticulum during
 protein synthesis.

>sen5 in abstract number 317
 In such a hydrophobic environment, crosslink yields of up
 to 30% have been observed.

>sen6 in abstract number 317
 We have now applied this method to study the
 mechanism of vesicle budding from the cytosolic face of the Golgi apparatus,
 an aqueous environment.

>sen7 in abstract number 317
 Although the crosslink yield is significantly lower
 under these conditions, due to predominant reaction of the photolabile probes
 with water, a specific interaction of Arf1 with subunits of coatomer, the
 major coat protein of COPI vesicles, could readily be identified

>sen1 in abstract number 318
We describe an in vitro system in which post-Golgi vesicles
 containing metabolically labeled, sialylated, vesicular stomatitis virus
 (VSV) G protein molecules (VSV-G) are produced from the trans-Golgi network
 (TGN) of an isolated Golgi membrane fraction.

>sen2 in abstract number 318
 This fraction is prepared from
 VSV-infected Madin-Darby canine kidney (MDCK) cells in which the
 (35)S-labeled viral envelope glycoprotein was allowed to accumulate in the
 trans-Golgi network during a prolonged incubation at 20 degrees C.

>sen3 in abstract number 318
 The
 vesicles produced in this system are separated from the remnant Golgi
 membranes by differential centrifugation or by velocity sedimentation in a
 sucrose gradient.

>sen4 in abstract number 318
 Vesicle production, quantified as the percentage of labeled
 VSV-G released from the Golgi membranes, is optimal at 37 degrees C and does
 not occur below 20 degrees C.

>sen5 in abstract number 318
 It requires GTP and the small GTP-binding
 protein Arf (ADP-ribosylation factor), as well as coat protein type I (COPI)
 coat components (coatomer) and vesicle scission factors-one of which
 corresponds to the phosphatidylinositol transfer protein (PITP).

>sen6 in abstract number 318
 Formation of
 the vesicles does not require GTP hydrolysis which, however, is necessary for
 their uncoating.

>sen7 in abstract number 318
 Thus, vesicles generated in the presence of the
 nonhydrolyzable GTP analogs, GTPgammaS or GMP-PNP, retain a coatomer coat
 visible in the electron microscope, sediment more rapidly in sucrose density
 gradients than those generated with ATP or GTP, and can be captured with
 anticoatomerantibodies.

>sen8 in abstract number 318
 The process of coatomer-coated vesicle formation from
 the TGN can be dissected into two distinct sequential phases, corresponding
 to coat assembly/bud formation and vesicle scission.

>sen9 in abstract number 318
 The first phase is
 completed when Golgi fractions are incubated with cytosolic proteins and
 nonhydrolyzable GTP analogs at 20 degrees C.

>sen10 in abstract number 318
 The scission phase, which leads
 to vesicle release, takes place when coated Golgi membranes, recovered after
 phase I, are incubated at higher temperatures in the presence of cytosolic
 proteins.

>sen11 in abstract number 318
 The scission phase does not take place if protein kinase C
 inhibitors are added during the first phase, even though these inhibitors do
 not prevent membrane coating and bud formation.

>sen12 in abstract number 318
 The phosphorylating activity
 of a protein kinase C, however, plays no role in vesicle formation, since
 this process does not require ATP

>sen1 in abstract number 319
We have established systems that reconstitute the biogenesis of
 coated transport vesicles with liposomes made of pure lipids and purified
 coat proteins.

>sen2 in abstract number 319
 Optimization of the lipid composition in the liposomes allowed
 the efficient binding of both coat protein I and coat protein II (COPII) coat
 subunits.

>sen3 in abstract number 319
 Coated vesicles of approximately the size generated from
 biomembranes were detected and characterized by centrifugation analysis and
 electron microscopy.

>sen4 in abstract number 319
 A variation of this budding reaction allowed us to
 measure the sorting of v-SNARE proteins into synthetic COPII vesicles.

>sen5 in abstract number 319
 We
 developed a novel system to tether glutathione S-transferase (GST)-hybrid
 proteins to the surface of liposomes formulated with a
 glutathione-derivatized phospholipid.

>sen6 in abstract number 319
 This system allowed us to detect the
 positive role of cytoplasmic domains of two v-SNARE proteins that are
 packaged into COPII vesicles.

>sen7 in abstract number 319
 Therefore, both generation of coated vesicles
 and protein sorting into the vesicles can be reproduced with liposomes and
 purified proteins

>sen1 in abstract number 320
The p24 family of type I integral-membrane proteins, which are
 localised in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER), the intermediate compartment and
 the Golgi apparatus, are thought to function as receptors for cargo exit from
 the ER and in transport vesicle formation.

>sen2 in abstract number 320
 Members of the p24 family have
 been found in a molecular complex and are enriched in COPI-coated vesicles,
 which are involved in membrane traffic between the ER and Golgi complex.

>sen3 in abstract number 320

 Although expressed abundantly, simultaneous deletion of several family
 members does not appear to affect cell viability and protein secretion in
 yeast.

>sen4 in abstract number 320
 In order to gain more insights into the physiological roles of
 different p24 proteins, we generated mice deficient in the expression of one
 family member, p23 (also called 24delta1, see for alternative nomenclature).

>sen5 in abstract number 320

 In contrast to yeast genetics, in mice disruption of both p23 alleles
 resulted in early embryonic lethality.

>sen6 in abstract number 320
 Inactivation of one allele led not
 only to reduced levels of p23 itself but also to reduced levels of other
 family members.

>sen7 in abstract number 320
 The reduction in steady-state protein levels also induced
 structural changes in the Golgi apparatus, such as the formation of dilated
 saccules.

>sen8 in abstract number 320
 The generation of mice deficient in p23 expression has revealed an
 essential and non-redundant role for p23 in the earliest stages of mammalian
 development.

>sen9 in abstract number 320
 It has also provided genetic evidence for the participation of
 p24 family members in oligomeric complexes and indicates a structural role
 for these proteins in maintaining the integrity of the early secretory
 pathway

>sen1 in abstract number 321
ARF-mediated hydrolysis of GTP has been demonstrated to regulate
 coat disassembly of Golgi-derived COPI transport vesicles (Tanigawa, G.,
 Orci, L., Amherdt, M., Ravazzola, M., Helms, J.

>sen2 in abstract number 321
B. and Rothman, J.

>sen3 in abstract number 321
E. (1993) J.

>sen4 in abstract number 321

 Cell Biol. 123, 1365-1371).

>sen5 in abstract number 321
 In addition, a requirement for GTP hydrolysis at
 an early stage of COPI vesicle biogenesis has been established since cargo
 uptake is impaired in the presence of GTPgammaS (Nickel, W., Malsam, J.,
 Gorgas, K., Ravazzola, M., Jenne, N., Helms, J.

>sen6 in abstract number 321
B. and Wieland, F.

>sen7 in abstract number 321
T. (1998) J.

>sen8 in abstract number 321

 Cell Sci. 111, 3081-3090), a non-hydrolyzable analogue of GTP.

>sen9 in abstract number 321
 We now
 demonstrate that the GTPase involved in the regulation of cargo uptake is
 ARF, revealing a multi-functional role of this GTPase in COPI-mediated
 vesicular transport.

>sen10 in abstract number 321
 The molecular mechanism of cargo uptake as well as the
 functional implications of these findings on the overall process of COPI
 vesicle biogenesis are discussed

>sen1 in abstract number 322
This review focuses on the roles of coat proteins in regulating
 the membrane traffic of eukaryotic cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 322
 Coat proteins are recruited to the
 donor organelle membrane from a cytosolic pool by specific small GTP-binding
 proteins and are required for the budding of coated vesicles.

>sen3 in abstract number 322
 This review
 first describes the four types of coat complexes that have been characterized
 so far: clathrin and its adaptors, the adaptor-related AP-3 complex, COPI,
 and COPII.

>sen4 in abstract number 322
 It then discusses the ascribed functions of coat proteins in
 vesicular transport, including the physical deformation of the membrane into
 a bud, the selection of cargo, and the targeting of the budded vesicle.

>sen5 in abstract number 322
 It
 also mentions how the coat proteins may function in an alternative model for
 transport, namely via tubular connections, and how traffic is regulated.

>sen6 in abstract number 322

 Finally, this review outlines the evidence that related coat proteins may
 regulate other steps of membrane traffic

>sen1 in abstract number 323
The adaptor protein (AP) complexes AP-1, AP-2, and AP-3 mediate
 coated vesicle formation and sorting of integral membrane proteins in the
 endocytic and late exocytic pathways in mammalian cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 323
 A search of the
 Drosophila melanogaster expressed sequence tag (EST) database identified
 orthologs of family members mammalian medium (mu) chain families mu1, mu2,
 and mu3, of the corresponding AP complexes, and delta-COP, the analogous
 component of the coatomer (COPI) complex.

>sen3 in abstract number 323
 The Drosophila orthologs exhibit a
 high degree of sequence identity to mammalian medium chain and delta-COP
 proteins.

>sen4 in abstract number 323
 Northern analysis demonstrated that medium chain and delta-COP
 mRNAs are expressed uniformly throughout fly development.

>sen5 in abstract number 323
 Medium chain and
 delta-COP genes were cytologically mapped and the mu3 gene was found to
 localize to a region containing the pigmentation locus carmine (cm).

>sen6 in abstract number 323
 Analysis
 of genomic DNA of the cm1 mutant allele indicated the presence of a large
 insertion in the coding region of the mu3 gene and Northern analysis revealed
 no detectable mu3 mRNA.

>sen7 in abstract number 323
 Light microscopy of the cm1 mutant showed a reduction
 in primary, secondary, and tertiary pigment granules in the adult eye.

>sen8 in abstract number 323
 These
 findings provide evidence of a role for mu3 in the sorting processes required
 for pigment granule biogenesis in Drosophila

>sen1 in abstract number 324
Aluminum fluoride (AlF4-) inhibited guanine nucleotide-activated
 phospholipase D (PLD) in rat submandibular gland cell-free lysates in a
 concentration-dependent response.

>sen2 in abstract number 324
 This effect was consistent in permeabilized
 cells with endogenous phospholipid PLD substrates.

>sen3 in abstract number 324
 Inhibition was not caused
 by either fluoride or aluminum alone and was reversed by aluminum chelation.

>sen4 in abstract number 324

 Inhibition of PLD by aluminum fluoride was not mediated by cAMP, phosphatases
 1, 2A or 2B, or phosphatidate phosphohydrolase.

>sen5 in abstract number 324
 AlF4- had a similar
 inhibitory effect on rArf-stimulated PLD, but did not block the translocation
 of Arf from cytosol to membranes, indicating a post-GTP-binding-protein site
 of action.

>sen6 in abstract number 324
 Oleate-sensitive PLD, which is not guanine nucleotide-dependent,
 was also inhibited by AlF4-, supporting a G protein-independent mechanism of
 action.

>sen7 in abstract number 324
 A submandibular Golgi-enriched membrane preparation had high PLD
 activity which was also potently inhibited by AlF4-, leading to speculation
 that the known fluoride inhibition of Golgi vesicle transport may be
 PLD-mediated.

>sen8 in abstract number 324
 It is proposed that aluminum fluoride inhibits different forms
 of PLD by a mechanism that is independent of GTP-binding proteins and that
 acts via a membrane-associated target which may be the enzyme itself

>sen1 in abstract number 325
We describe a novel imprinted gene, gamma 2-COP
 (nonclathrincoatprotein), identified in a search for expressed sequences in
 human chromosome 7q32 where the paternally expressed MEST gene is located.
 gamma 2-COP contains 24 exons and spans >50 kb of genomic DNA.

>sen2 in abstract number 325
 Like MEST,
 gamma 2-COP is ubiquitously transcribed in fetal and adult tissues.

>sen3 in abstract number 325
 In fetal
 tissues, including skeletal muscle, skin, kidney, adrenal, placenta,
 intestine, lung, chorionic plate and amnion, gamma 2-COP is imprinted and
 expressed from the paternal allele.

>sen4 in abstract number 325
 In contrast to the monoallelic expression
 observed in these fetal tissues, biallelic expression was evident in fetal
 brain and liver and in adult peripheral blood.

>sen5 in abstract number 325
 Biallelic expression in blood
 is supported by the demonstration of gamma 2-COP transcripts in
 lymphoblastoid cell lines with maternal uniparental disomy 7.

>sen6 in abstract number 325
 Absence of
 paternal gamma 2-COP transcripts during embryonic development may contribute
 to Silver-Russell syndrome.

>sen7 in abstract number 325
 However, on mutation scanning the only gamma
 2-COP mutation detected was maternally derived.

>sen8 in abstract number 325
 Amino acid comparison of
 gamma2-COP protein revealed close relation to gamma-COP, a subunit of the
 coatomer complex COPI, suggesting a role of gamma2-COP in cellular vesicle
 traffic.

>sen9 in abstract number 325
 The existence of distinct coatomer complexes could be the basis for
 the functional heterogeneity of COPI vesicles in retrograde and anterograde
 transport and/or in cargo selection.

>sen10 in abstract number 325
 Together, gamma 2-COP and MEST
 constitute a novel imprinting cluster in the human genome that may contain
 other, as yet unknown, imprinted genes

>sen1 in abstract number 326
Vesicle specific SNAP receptors (v-SNAREs) Bos1p and Bet1p are
 involved in targeting of anterograde vesicles between the endoplasmic
 reticulum (ER) and early Golgi of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.

>sen2 in abstract number 326
 To analyze
 factors that influence the targeting of these proteins, alpha-factor tagged
 versions of Bos1p and Bet1p were employed.

>sen3 in abstract number 326
 The alpha-factor can be cleaved
 off by the Kex2p protease as soon as the hybrid proteins reach the late Golgi
 compartment.

>sen4 in abstract number 326
 The data obtained by monitoring of Kex2p cleavage, by
 immunofluorescence microscopy and cell fractionation showed that Bos1-alpha
 and Bet1-alpha have different cellular localization and dynamics.

>sen5 in abstract number 326
 Bos1-alpha
 is an ER protein, which recycles between the Golgi and the ER in
 COPI-dependent manner.

>sen6 in abstract number 326
 Bet1-alpha is an early Golgi protein and it does not
 change its localization under conditions when other recycling Golgi proteins
 can be trapped in the ER

>sen1 in abstract number 327
Using a cell free assay, we have previously shown that ARF is
 not required for endosome fusion but that inhibition of fusion by GTPgammaS
 is dependent on a cytosolic pool of ARFs.

>sen2 in abstract number 327
 Since ARF is proposed to function
 in intracellular membrane traffic by promoting vesicle biogenesis, and
 components of clathrin- and COP-coated vesicles have been localized on
 endosomal structures, we investigated whether ARF-mediated inhibition of
 early endosome fusion involves the recruitment or irreversible association of
 these proteins onto endosomal membranes.

>sen3 in abstract number 327
 We now report that depletion of
 components of clathrin coated vesicles (clathrin, AP-1 and AP-2) or COPI
 vesicles (beta COP) does not affect the capacity of GTPgammaS-activated ARF
 to inhibit endosome fusion.

>sen4 in abstract number 327
 Inhibition of fusion by activated ARF is also
 independent of endosomal acidification since assays performed in the presence
 of the vacuolar ATPase inhibitor bafilomycin A1 are equally sensitive to
 GTPgammaS-bound ARF.

>sen5 in abstract number 327
 Finally, in contrast to reported effects on lysosomes,
 we demonstrate that ARF-GTPgammaS does not induce endosomal lysis.

>sen6 in abstract number 327
 These
 combined data argue that sequestration of known coat proteins to membranes by
 activated ARF is not involved in the inhibition of early endosome fusion and
 that its capacity to inhibit fusion involves other specific interactions with
 the endosome surface.

>sen7 in abstract number 327
 These results contrast with the mechanistic action of
 ARF on intra-Golgi transport and nuclear envelope assembly

>sen1 in abstract number 328
The major cytosolic and membrane proteins that represent
 machinery of coat protein (COP)-coated transport vesicles within the
 secretory pathway are characterized to date.

>sen2 in abstract number 328
 This has allowed investigation
 of the molecular mechanisms that underlie the formation of these vesicles.

>sen3 in abstract number 328
 In
 vitro binding studies and reconstitution experiments have provided insights
 at the molecular level into the biogenesis of COPII- and COPI-coated vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 329
It is now well-established that phospholipase D is transiently
 stimulated upon activation by G-protein-coupled and receptor tyrosine kinase
 cell surface receptors in mammalian cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 329
 Over the last 5 years, a
 tremendous effort has gone to identify the major intracellular regulators of
 mammalian phospholipase D and to the cloning of two mammalian phospholipase D
 enzymes (phospholipase D1 and D2).

>sen3 in abstract number 329
 In this chapter, we review the
 physiological function of mammalian phospholipase D1 that is synergistically
 stimulated by ADP ribosylation factor, Rho and protein kinase Calpha.

>sen4 in abstract number 329
 We
 discuss the function of this enzyme in membrane traffic, emphasising the
 possible integrated relationships between consumption of vesicles in
 regulated exocytosis, membrane delivery and constitutive membrane traffic

>sen1 in abstract number 330
Rab2 immunolocalizes to pre-Golgi intermediates
 (vesicular-tubular clusters [VTCs]) that are the first site of segregation of
 anterograde- and retrograde-transported proteins and a major peripheral site
 for COPI recruitment.

>sen2 in abstract number 330
 Our previous work showed that Rab2 Q65L (equivalent to
 Ras Q61L) inhibited endoplasmic reticulum (ER)-to-Golgi transport in vivo.

>sen3 in abstract number 330
 In
 this study, the biochemical properties of Rab2 Q65L were analyzed.

>sen4 in abstract number 330
 The mutant
 protein binds GDP and GTP and has a low GTP hydrolysis rate that suggests
 that Rab2 Q65L is predominantly in the GTP-bound-activated form.

>sen5 in abstract number 330
 The purified
 protein arrests vesicular stomatitis virus glycoprotein transport from VTCs
 in an assay that reconstitutes ER-to-Golgi traffic.

>sen6 in abstract number 330
 A quantitative binding
 assay was used to measure membrane binding of beta-COP when incubated with
 the mutant.

>sen7 in abstract number 330
 Unlike Rab2 that stimulates recruitment, Rab2 Q65L showed a
 dose-dependent decrease in membrane-associated beta-COP when incubated with
 rapidly sedimenting membranes (ER, pre-Golgi, and Golgi).

>sen8 in abstract number 330
 The mutant protein
 does not interfere with beta-COP binding but stimulates the release of slowly
 sedimenting vesicles containing Rab2, beta-COP, and p53/gp58 but lacking
 anterograde grade-directed cargo.

>sen9 in abstract number 330
 To complement the biochemical results, we
 observed in a morphological assay that Rab2 Q65L caused vesiculation of VTCs
 that accumulated at 15 degrees C.

>sen10 in abstract number 330
 These data suggest that the Rab2 protein
 plays a role in the low-temperature-sensitive step that regulates membrane
 flow from VTCs to the Golgi complex and back to the ER

>sen1 in abstract number 331
A mammalian phospholipase D (PLD) activity that is stimulated by
 ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF) has been identified in Golgi-enriched membrane
 fractions.

>sen2 in abstract number 331
 This activity is due to the PLD1 isoform and evidence from several
 laboratories indicates that PLD1 is important for the polymerization of
 vesicle coat proteins on membranes.

>sen3 in abstract number 331
 When expressed in Chinese hamster ovary
 cells, PLD1 localized to dispersed small vesicles that overlapped with the
 location of the ERGIC53 protein, a marker for the endoplasmic reticulum
 (ER)-Golgi intermediate compartment.

>sen4 in abstract number 331
 Cells having increased PLD1 expression
 had accelerated anterograde and retrograde transport between the ER and
 Golgi.

>sen5 in abstract number 331
 Membranes from cells having elevated PLD1 activity bound more COPI,
 ARF, and ARF-GTPase activating protein.

>sen6 in abstract number 331
 These membranes also produced more
 COPI vesicles than did membranes from control cells.

>sen7 in abstract number 331
 It is likely that PLD1
 participates in both positive and negative feedback regulation of the
 formation of COPI vesicles and is important for controlling the rate of this
 process

>sen1 in abstract number 332
Entamoeba histolytica, the protozoan parasite that phagocytoses
 bacteria and host cells, has a vesicle/vacuole-filled cytosol like that of
 macrophages.

>sen2 in abstract number 332
 In contrast, the infectious cyst form has four nuclei and a
 chitin wall.

>sen3 in abstract number 332
 Here, anti-chitinase antibodies identified hundreds of small
 secretory vesicles in encysting E. invadens parasites and in E. histolytica
 trophozoites overexpressing chitinase under an actin gene promoter.

>sen4 in abstract number 332
 Abundant
 small secretory vesicles were also identified with antibodies to the surface
 antigen Ariel and with a fluorescent substrate of cysteine proteinases.

>sen5 in abstract number 332

 Removal of an N-terminal signal sequence directed chitinase to the cytosol.

>sen6 in abstract number 332

 Addition of a C-terminal KDEL peptide, identified on amebic BiP, retained
 chitinase in a putative endoplasmic reticulum, which was composed of a few
 vesicles of mixed sizes.

>sen7 in abstract number 332
 A putative Golgi apparatus, which was Brefeldin A
 sensitive and composed of a few large, perinuclear vesicles, was identified
 with antibodies to ADP-ribosylating factor and to epsilon-COP.

>sen8 in abstract number 332
 We conclude
 that the amebic secretory pathway is similar to those of other eukaryotic
 cells, even if its appearance is somewhat different

>sen1 in abstract number 333
Eukaryotic vesicular transport requires the recognition of
 membranes through specific protein complexes.

>sen2 in abstract number 333
 The heterotetrameric adaptor
 protein complexes 1, 2, and 3 (AP1/2/3) are composed of two large, one small,
 and one medium adaptin subunit.

>sen3 in abstract number 333
 We isolated and characterized the cDNA for
 Arabidopsis gamma-adaptin and performed a phylogenetic analysis of all
 adaptin subunits (proteins) in the context of all known homologous proteins.

>sen4 in abstract number 333

 This analysis revealed (i) that the large subunits of AP1/2/3 are homologous
 and (ii) two subunits of the heptameric coatomer I (COPI) complex belong to
 this gene family.

>sen5 in abstract number 333
 In addition, all small subunits and the aminoterminal
 domain of the medium subunits of the heterotetramers are homologous to each
 other; this also holds for two corresponding subunits of the COPI complex.

>sen6 in abstract number 333

 AP1/2/3 and a substructure (heterotetrameric, F-COPI subcomplex) of the
 heptameric COPI had a common ancestral complex (called pre-F-COPI).

>sen7 in abstract number 333
 Since all
 large and all small/medium subunits share sequence similarity, the ancestor
 of this complex is inferred to have been a heterodimer composed of one large
 and one small subunit.

>sen8 in abstract number 333
 The situation encountered today is the result of
 successive rounds of coordinated gene duplications of both the large and the
 small/medium subunits, with F-COPI being the first that separated from the
 ancestral pre-F-COPI

>sen1 in abstract number 334
Intracellular protein transport between the endoplasmic
 reticulum (ER) and the Golgi apparatus and within the Golgi apparatus is
 facilitated by COP (coat protein)-coated vesicles.

>sen2 in abstract number 334
 Their existence in plant
 cells has not yet been demonstrated, although the GTP-binding proteins
 required for coat formation have been identified.

>sen3 in abstract number 334
 We have generated antisera
 against glutathione-S-transferase-fusion proteins prepared with cDNAs
 encoding the Arabidopsis Sec21p and Sec23p homologs (AtSec21p and AtSec23p,
 respectively).

>sen4 in abstract number 334
 The former is a constituent of the COPI vesicle coatomer, and
 the latter is part of the Sec23/24p dimeric complex of the COPII vesicle
 coat.

>sen5 in abstract number 334
 Cauliflower (Brassica oleracea) inflorescence homogenates were probed
 with these antibodies and demonstrated the presence of AtSec21p and AtSec23p
 antigens in both the cytosol and membrane fractions of the cell.

>sen6 in abstract number 334
 The
 membrane-associated forms of both antigens can be solubilized by treatments
 typical for extrinsic proteins.

>sen7 in abstract number 334
 The amounts of the cytosolic antigens
 relative to the membrane-bound forms increase after cold treatment, and the
 two antigens belong to different protein complexes with molecular sizes
 comparable to the corresponding nonplant coat proteins.

>sen8 in abstract number 334

 Sucrose-density-gradient centrifugation of microsomal cell membranes from
 cauliflower suggests that, although AtSec23p seems to be preferentially
 associated with ER membranes, AtSec21p appears to be bound to both the ER and
 the Golgi membranes.

>sen9 in abstract number 334
 This could be in agreement with the notion that COPII
 vesicles are formed at the ER, whereas COPI vesicles can be made by both
 Golgi and ER membranes.

>sen10 in abstract number 334
 Both AtSec21p and AtSec23p antigens were detected on
 membranes equilibrating at sucrose densities equivalent to those typical for
 in vitro-induced COP vesicles from animal and yeast systems.

>sen11 in abstract number 334
 Therefore, a
 further purification of the putative plant COP vesicles was undertaken

>sen1 in abstract number 335
The crystal structure of the complex of ARF1 GTPase bound to GDP
 and the catalytic domain of ARF GTPase-activating protein (ARFGAP) has been
 determined at 1.95 A resolution.

>sen2 in abstract number 335
 The ARFGAP molecule binds to switch 2 and
 helix alpha3 to orient ARF1 residues for catalysis, but it supplies neither
 arginine nor other amino acid side chains to the GTPase active site.

>sen3 in abstract number 335
 In the
 complex, the effector-binding region appears to be unobstructed, suggesting
 that ARFGAP could stimulate GTP hydrolysis while ARF1 maintains an
 interaction with its effector, the coatomer complex of COPI-coated vesicles.

>sen4 in abstract number 335

 Biochemical experiments show that coatomer directly participates in the
 GTPase reaction, accelerating GTP hydrolysis a further 1000-fold in an
 ARFGAP-dependent manner.

>sen5 in abstract number 335
 Thus, a tripartite complex controls the GTP
 hydrolysis reaction triggering disassembly of COPI vesicle coats

>sen1 in abstract number 336
Recent cloning of a rat brain phosphatidylinositol 3,4,
 5-trisphosphate binding protein, centaurin alpha, identified a novel gene
 family based on homology to an amino-terminal zinc-binding domain.

>sen2 in abstract number 336
 In
 Saccharomyces cerevisiae, the protein with the highest homology to centaurin
 alpha is Gcs1p, the product of the GCS1 gene.

>sen3 in abstract number 336
 GCS1 was originally identified
 as a gene conditionally required for the reentry of cells into the cell cycle
 after stationary phase growth.

>sen4 in abstract number 336
 Gcs1p was previously characterized as a
 guanosine triphosphatase-activating protein for the small guanosine
 triphosphatase Arf1, and gcs1 mutants displayed vesicle-trafficking defects.

>sen5 in abstract number 336

 Here, we have shown that similar to centaurin alpha, recombinant Gcs1p bound
 phosphoinositide-based affinity resins with high affinity and specificity.

>sen6 in abstract number 336
 A
 novel GCS1 disruption strain (gcs1Delta) exhibited morphological defects, as
 well as mislocalization of cortical actin patches. gcs1Delta was
 hypersensitive to the actin monomer-sequestering drug, latrunculin-B.

>sen7 in abstract number 336

 Synthetic lethality was observed between null alleles of GCS1 and SLA2, the
 gene encoding a protein involved in stabilization of the actin cytoskeleton.

>sen8 in abstract number 336

 In addition, synthetic growth defects were observed between null alleles of
 GCS1 and SAC6, the gene encoding the yeast fimbrin homologue.

>sen9 in abstract number 336
 Recombinant
 Gcs1p bound to actin filaments, stimulated actin polymerization, and
 inhibited actin depolymerization in vitro.

>sen10 in abstract number 336
 These data provide in vivo and in
 vitro evidence that Gcs1p interacts directly with the actin cytoskeleton in
 S. cerevisiae

>sen1 in abstract number 337
COPI-coated vesicle budding from lipid bilayers whose
 composition resembles mammalian Golgi membranes requires coatomer, ARF, GTP,
 and cytoplasmic tails of putative cargo receptors (p24 family proteins) or
 membrane cargo proteins (containing the KKXX retrieval signal) emanating from
 the bilayer surface.

>sen2 in abstract number 337
 Liposome-derived COPI-coated vesicles are similar to
 their native counterparts with respect to diameter, buoyant density,
 morphology, and the requirement for an elevated temperature for budding.

>sen3 in abstract number 337

 These results suggest that a bivalent interaction of coatomer with
 membrane-bound ARF[GTP] and with the cytoplasmic tails of cargo or putative
 cargo receptors is the molecular basis of COPI coat assembly and provide a
 simple mechanism to couple uptake of cargo to transport vesicle formation

>sen1 in abstract number 338
Coatomer, the coat protein complex of COPI vesicles, is involved
 in the budding of these vesicles, but the underlying mechanism is unknown.

>sen2 in abstract number 338

 Toward a better understanding of this process, the interaction between
 coatomer and the cytoplasmic domain of a major transmembrane protein of COPI
 vesicles, p23, was studied.

>sen3 in abstract number 338
 Interaction of coatomer with this peptide domain
 results in a conformational change and polymerization of the complex in
 vitro.

>sen4 in abstract number 338
 This changed conformation also is observed in vivo, i.e., on the
 surface of authentic, isolated COPI vesicles.

>sen5 in abstract number 338
 An average of four peptides was
 found associated with one coatomer complex after polymerization.

>sen6 in abstract number 338
 Based on
 these results, we propose a mechanism by which the induced conformational
 change of coatomer results in its polymerization, and thus drives formation
 of the bud on the Golgi membrane during biogenesis of a COPI vesicle

>sen1 in abstract number 339
Recently, p24A and p23 (also termed Tmp21), two members of the
 p24 protein family, have been proposed to function as integral receptors for
 the COPI-vesicle coat.

>sen2 in abstract number 339
 This study describes the intracellular localization
 and trafficking of p24A in comparison to p23.

>sen3 in abstract number 339
 For immunolocalization of p24A
 and p23, strong reduction and denaturation conditions were necessary to allow
 antibody interaction.

>sen4 in abstract number 339
 Both p24A and p23 cycle continuously between
 intermediate compartment (IC) elements and the cis-Golgi network.

>sen5 in abstract number 339
 In vivo
 trafficking of p24A and p23 tagged to green fluorescent protein (GFP)
 revealed that both proteins travel by large (up to 1 micrometer in length)
 microtubule-dependent pre-Golgi carriers with a maximum speed of up to 1.6
 micrometer s-1 from the IC to the Golgi cisternae.

>sen6 in abstract number 339
 Aluminum fluoride, a
 general activator of heterotrimeric G-proteins, blocked peripheral pre-Golgi
 movements of GFP-p24A/p23 and inhibited fluorescence recovery after
 photobleaching in the perinuclear Golgi area. p24A and p23 are predominantly
 colocalized.

>sen7 in abstract number 339
 Overexpression of GFP-p24A, to an extent which did not destroy
 the Golgi complex, induced delocalization of part of the proteins into ER
 elements.

>sen8 in abstract number 339
 This study therefore gives new insights into the localization and
 trafficking behavior of the two COPI-binding proteins p24A and p23

>sen1 in abstract number 340
ADP-ribosylation factor (Arf) is a 20 kDa polypeptide that is a
 member of the Ras superfamily of small molecular mass GTP-binding proteins.

>sen2 in abstract number 340

 In addition to an essential role of Arf1 in vesicle budding, recent
 observations suggest a role for Arf6 in calcium-dependent exocytosis in
 bovine adrenal chromaffin cells.

>sen3 in abstract number 340
 In rat parotid acinar cells, exocytosis is
 cAMP-dependent and our findings suggest an interaction of Arf1 with the
 secretory granules.

>sen4 in abstract number 340
 We describe here the structural and functional background
 to the Arf proteins focusing on their role in rat parotid acinar cells

>sen1 in abstract number 341
In the neuroendocrine cell line, PC12, synaptic vesicles can be
 generated from endosomes by a sorting and vesiculation process that requires
 the heterotetrameric adaptor protein AP3 and a small molecular weight GTPase
 of the ADP ribosylation factor (ARF) family.

>sen2 in abstract number 341
 We have now discovered a second
 pathway that sorts the synaptic vesicle-associated membrane protein (VAMP)
 into similarly sized vesicles.

>sen3 in abstract number 341
 For this pathway the plasma membrane is the
 precursor rather than endosomes.

>sen4 in abstract number 341
 Both pathways require cytosol and ATP and
 are inhibited by GTPgammaS.

>sen5 in abstract number 341
 The second pathway, however, uses AP2 instead of
 AP3 and is brefeldin A insensitive.

>sen6 in abstract number 341
 The AP2-dependent pathway is inhibited by
 depletion of clathrin or by inhibitors of clathrin binding, whereas the AP3
 pathway is not.

>sen7 in abstract number 341
 The VAMP-containing, plasma membrane-derived vesicles can be
 readily separated on sucrose gradients from transferrin (Tf)-containing
 vesicles generated by incubating Tf-labeled plasma membrane preparations at
 37 degreesC.

>sen8 in abstract number 341
 Dynamin- interacting proteins are required for the AP2-mediated
 vesiculation from the plasma membrane, but not from endosomes.

>sen9 in abstract number 341
 Thus, VAMP is
 sorted into small vesicles by AP3 and ARF1 at endosomes and by AP2 and
 clathrin at the plasma membrane

>sen1 in abstract number 342
Retrograde transport from the Golgi to the ER is an essential
 process.

>sen2 in abstract number 342
 Resident ER proteins that escape the ER and proteins that cycle
 between the Golgi and the ER must be retrieved.

>sen3 in abstract number 342
 The interdependence of
 anterograde and retrograde vesicle trafficking makes the dissection of both
 processes difficult in vivo.

>sen4 in abstract number 342
 We have developed an in vitro system that
 measures the retrieval of a soluble reporter protein, the precursor of the
 yeast pheromone alpha-factor fused to a retrieval signal (HDEL) at its COOH
 terminus (Dean, N., and H.

>sen5 in abstract number 342
R.

>sen6 in abstract number 342
B Pelham. 1990.

>sen7 in abstract number 342
 J.

>sen8 in abstract number 342
 Cell Biol. 111:369-377).

>sen9 in abstract number 342

 Retrieval depends on the HDEL sequence; the alpha-factor precursor, naturally
 lacking this sequence, is not retrieved.

>sen10 in abstract number 342
 A full cycle of anterograde and
 retrograde transport requires a simple set of purified cytosolic proteins,
 including Sec18p, the Lma1p complex, Uso1p, coatomer, and Arf1p.

>sen11 in abstract number 342
 Among the
 membrane-bound v-SNAP receptor (v-SNARE) proteins, Bos1p is required only for
 forward transport, Sec22p only for retrograde trafficking, and Bet1p is
 implicated in both avenues of transport.

>sen12 in abstract number 342
 Putative retrograde carriers (COPI
 vesicles) generated from Golgi-enriched membranes contain v-SNAREs as well as
 Emp47p as cargo

>sen1 in abstract number 343
The small GTPase ARF1 is a key regulator of intracellular
 membrane traffic.

>sen2 in abstract number 343
 In its active, GTP-bound form, ARF1 is associated with
 Golgi membranes and promotes the recruitment of the cytosolic coat protein
 complex, which will result in membrane budding and vesicle formation.

>sen3 in abstract number 343
 ARNO
 (ARF nucleotide site opener) has been shown to act in vitro as a GTP exchange
 factor for ARF1.

>sen4 in abstract number 343
 Here, we have investigated the function of ARNO in vivo.

>sen5 in abstract number 343
 By
 immunofluorescence and cell fractionation, ARNO was found to be mostly
 cytosolic in HeLa cells.

>sen6 in abstract number 343
 Its overexpression led to a strong inhibition of the
 secretion of SEAP (secreted form of alkaline phosphatase).

>sen7 in abstract number 343
 Newly synthesized
 SEAP failed to acquire endoglycosidase H resistance, indicating a block in
 the early secretory pathway.

>sen8 in abstract number 343
 This effect on secretion was accompanied by a
 disassembly of the Golgi complex and a redistribution of Golgi resident
 proteins into the endoplasmic reticulum (ER).

>sen9 in abstract number 343
 On the other hand, ARNO
 overexpression did not affect the early endocytic pathway.

>sen10 in abstract number 343
 These results show
 that ARNO functions in vivo in Golgi to ER transport.

>sen11 in abstract number 343
 Its behavior is then
 consistent with ARNO being an exchange factor for ARF1

>sen1 in abstract number 344
N-Ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor (NSF) is required for multiple
 pathways of vesicle-mediated protein transport.

>sen2 in abstract number 344
 Microinjection of a
 monoclonal anti-NSF antibody almost completely blocked brefeldin A-promoted
 Golgi disassembly without affecting the rapid release of beta-COP, a subunit
 of the Golgi coat proteins (COPI), from the Golgi apparatus.

>sen3 in abstract number 344
 Similar results
 were obtained using a dominant-negative NSF which is known to compete with
 endogenous NSF.

>sen4 in abstract number 344
 The present results suggest that an NSF-mediated step is
 present in the brefeldin A-promoted disassembly of the Golgi apparatus

>sen1 in abstract number 345
Formation of small vesicles resembling synaptic vesicles can be
 reconstituted in vitro by incubating labeled homogenates of PC12 cells with
 ATP and two cytoplasmic proteins, AP3 and ARF1 [Faundez, V., Horng, J.-T. &
 Kelly, R.

>sen2 in abstract number 345
 B. (1998) Cell 93, 423-432].

>sen3 in abstract number 345
 To determine whether AP3 was mediating
 budding from plasma membranes or endosomes the organelle that generated the
 synaptic vesicles was characterized.

>sen4 in abstract number 345
 The budding activity was enriched in
 organelles that labeled at 15 degrees C, but not at 4 degrees C, that
 excluded a marker of plasma membranes and that contained internalized
 transferrin, indicating that the precursor was an endosome.

>sen5 in abstract number 345
 Vesicles formed
 from the endosomal precursor in vitro excluded transferrin.

>sen6 in abstract number 345
 We conclude that
 ARF-mediated vesiculation into synaptic vesicle-sized organelles uses an
 endosomal precursor and occurs simultaneously in vitro with sorting of
 synaptic vesicle proteins from other membrane protein constituents of the
 endosome

>sen1 in abstract number 346
Synthetic coat protein complex I (COPI)-coated vesicles form
 spontaneously from large ( approximately 300 nm in diameter), chemically
 defined liposomes incubated with coatomer, Arf1p, and guanosine 5
'-[gamma-thio]triphosphate.

>sen2 in abstract number 346
 Coated vesicles are 40-70 nm in diameter,
 approximately the size of COPI vesicles formed from native membranes.

>sen3 in abstract number 346
 The
 formation of COPI-coated buds and vesicles and the binding of Arf1p to donor
 liposomes depends on guanosine 5'-[gamma-thio]triphosphate.

>sen4 in abstract number 346
 In contrast to
 the behavior of the COPII coat, coatomer binds to liposomes containing a
 variety of charged or neutral phospholipids.

>sen5 in abstract number 346
 However, the formation of COPI
 buds and vesicles is stimulated by acidic phospholipids.

>sen6 in abstract number 346
 In the absence of
 Arf1p, coatomer binds to liposomes containing dioleoylphosphatidic acid as a
 sole acidic phospholipid to form large coated surfaces without forming
 COPI-coated buds or vesicles.

>sen7 in abstract number 346
 We conclude that Arf1p-GTP and coatomer
 comprise the minimum apparatus necessary to create a COPI-coated vesicle

>sen1 in abstract number 347
We identified the phosphatidylinositol transfer protein (PITP)
 as being responsible for a powerful latent, nucleotide-independent,
 Golgi-vesiculating activity that is present in the cytosol but is only
 manifested as an uncontrolled activity in a cytosolic protein subfraction, in
 which it is separated from regulatory components that appear to normally
 limit its action to the scission of COPI-coated buds from trans-Golgi network
 membranes.

>sen2 in abstract number 347
 A specific anti-PITP antibody that recognizes the two mammalian
 PITP isoforms fully inhibited the capacity of the cytosol to support normal
 vesicle generation as well as the uncontrolled vesiculating activity
 manifested by the cytosolic protein subfraction.

>sen3 in abstract number 347
 The phosphatidylinositol-
 (PI) loaded form of the yeast PITP, Sec14p, but not the phosphatidylcholine-
 (PC) loaded form of the protein, was capable of substituting for the
 cytosolic subfraction in promoting the scission of coated buds from the
 trans-Golgi network.

>sen4 in abstract number 347
 At higher concentration, however, Sec14p, when loaded
 with PI, but not with PC or phosphatidylglycerol, caused by itself an
 indiscriminate vesiculation of uncoated Golgi membranes that could be
 suppressed by PC-Sec14p, which also suppresses the uncontrolled vesiculation
 caused by the cytosolic subfraction.

>sen5 in abstract number 347
 We propose that, by delivering PI to
 specific sites in the Golgi membrane near the necks of coated buds, PITP
 induces local changes in the organization of the lipid bilayer, possibly
 involving PI metabolites, that triggers the fusion of the ectoplasmic faces
 of the Golgi membrane necessary for the scission of COPI-coated vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 348
The past year has seen considerable progress in understanding
 the mechanism of COPI (coatomer protein I) vesicle docking and SNARE (soluble
 NSF attachment protein receptor) mediated fusion, the mechanism of cisternal
 growth and stacking and the regulation of Golgi architecture.

>sen2 in abstract number 348
 The route taken
 by cargo proteins through the Golgi apparatus is still a matter of some
 dispute

>sen1 in abstract number 349
Two crucial aspects of transport vesicle function have recently
 been reconstituted using purified proteins and chemically defined lipid
 bilayers.

>sen2 in abstract number 349
 The reconstituted steps are the assembly of a polymeric protein
 coat on the cytosolic surface of the membrane, and bilayer fusion based on
 the pairing of proteins in the vesicle and target membrane.

>sen3 in abstract number 349
 These advances
 now set the stage to address major unresolved questions of how vesicle
 budding and vesicle fusion are regulated, how specific cargo molecules are
 incorporated into vesicles, and how vesicles find their target membrane

>sen1 in abstract number 350
We have recently characterized three yeast gene products
 (Vps35p, Vps29p, and Vps30p) as candidate components of the sorting machinery
 required for the endosome-to-Golgi retrieval of the vacuolar protein sorting
 receptor Vps10p (Seaman, M.

>sen2 in abstract number 350
N.

>sen3 in abstract number 350
J., E.

>sen4 in abstract number 350
G.

>sen5 in abstract number 350
 Marcusson, J.-L.

>sen6 in abstract number 350
 Cereghino, and S.

>sen7 in abstract number 350
D.

>sen8 in abstract number 350

 Emr. 1997.

>sen9 in abstract number 350
 J.

>sen10 in abstract number 350
 Cell Biol. 137:79-92).

>sen11 in abstract number 350
 By genetic and biochemical means we now
 show that Vps35p and Vps29p interact and form part of a multimeric
 membrane-associated complex that also contains Vps26p, Vps17p, and Vps5p.

>sen12 in abstract number 350

 This complex, designated here as the retromer complex, assembles from two
 distinct subcomplexes comprising (a) Vps35p, Vps29p, and Vps26p; and (b)
 Vps5p and Vps17p.

>sen13 in abstract number 350
 Density gradient fractionation of Golgi/endosomal/vesicular
 membranes reveals that Vps35p cofractionates with Vps5p/Vps17p in a
 vesicle-enriched dense membrane fraction.

>sen14 in abstract number 350
 Furthermore, gel filtration
 analysis indicates that Vps35p and Vps5p are present on a population of
 vesicles and tubules slightly larger than COPI/coatomer-coated vesicles.

>sen15 in abstract number 350
 We
 also show by immunogold EM that Vps5p is localized to discrete regions at the
 rims of the prevacuolar endosome where vesicles appear to be budding.

>sen16 in abstract number 350
 Size
 fractionation of cytosolic and recombinant Vps5p reveals that Vps5p can
 self-assemble in vitro, suggesting that Vps5p may provide the mechanical
 impetus to drive vesicle formation.

>sen17 in abstract number 350
 Based on these findings we propose a
 model in which Vps35p/Vps29p/Vps26p function to select cargo for retrieval,
 and Vps5p/Vps17p assemble onto the membrane to promote vesicle formation.

>sen18 in abstract number 350

 Conservation of the yeast retromer complex components in higher eukaryotes
 suggests an important general role for this complex in endosome-to-Golgi
 retrieval

>sen1 in abstract number 351
Newly synthesized proteins destined for delivery to the cell
 surface are inserted cotranslationally into the endoplasmic reticulum (ER)
 and, after their correct folding, are transported out of the ER.

>sen2 in abstract number 351
 During their
 transport to the cell surface, cargo proteins pass through the various
 cisternae of the Golgi apparatus and, in the trans-most cisternae of the
 stack, are sorted into constitutive secretory vesicles that fuse with the
 plasma membrane.

>sen3 in abstract number 351
 Simultaneously with anterograde protein transport,
 retrograde protein transport occurs within the Golgi complex as well as from
 the Golgi back to the ER.

>sen4 in abstract number 351
 Vesicular transport within the early secretory
 pathway is mediated by two types of non-clathrin coated vesicles: COPI- and
 COPII-coated vesicles.

>sen5 in abstract number 351
 The formation of these carrier vesicles depends on the
 recruitment of cytosolic coat proteins that are thought to act as a
 mechanical device to shape a flattened donor membrane into a spherical
 vesicle.

>sen6 in abstract number 351
 A general molecular machinery that mediates targeting and fusion of
 carrier vesicles has been identified as well.

>sen7 in abstract number 351
 Beside a general overview of
 the various coat structures known today, we will discuss issues specifically
 related to the biogenesis of COPI-coated vesicles: (1) a possible role of
 phospholipase D in the formation of COPI-coated vesicles; (2) a functional
 role of a novel family of transmembrane proteins, the p24 family, in the
 initiation of COPI assembly; and (3) the direction COPI-coated vesicles may
 take within the early secretory pathway.

>sen8 in abstract number 351
 Moreover, we will consider two
 alternative mechanisms of protein transport through the Golgi stack:
 vesicular transport versus cisternal maturation

>sen1 in abstract number 352
ER-to-Golgi transport, and perhaps intraGolgi transport involves
 a set of interacting soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment
 protein receptor (SNARE) proteins including syntaxin 5, GOS-28, membrin,
 rsec22b, and rbet1.

>sen2 in abstract number 352
 By immunoelectron microscopy we find that rsec22b and
 rbet1 are enriched in COPII-coated vesicles that bud from the ER and
 presumably fuse with nearby vesicular tubular clusters (VTCs).

>sen3 in abstract number 352
 However, all
 of the SNAREs were found on both COPII- and COPI-coated membranes, indicating
 that similar SNARE machinery directs both vesicle pathways. rsec22b and rbet1
 do not appear beyond the first Golgi cisterna, whereas syntaxin 5 and membrin
 penetrate deeply into the Golgi stacks.

>sen4 in abstract number 352
 Temperature shifts reveal that
 membrin, rsec22b, rbet1, and syntaxin 5 are present together on membranes
 that rapidly recycle between peripheral and Golgi-centric locations.

>sen5 in abstract number 352
 GOS-28,
 on the other hand, maintains a fixed localization in the Golgi.

>sen6 in abstract number 352
 By
 immunoprecipitation analysis, syntaxin 5 exists in at least two major
 subcomplexes: one containing syntaxin 5 (34-kD isoform) and GOS-28, and
 another containing syntaxin 5 (41- and 34-kD isoforms), membrin, rsec22b, and
 rbet1.

>sen7 in abstract number 352
 Both subcomplexes appear to involve direct interactions of each SNARE
 with syntaxin 5.

>sen8 in abstract number 352
 Our results indicate a central role for complexes among
 rbet1, rsec22b, membrin, and syntaxin 5 (34 and 41 kD) at two membrane fusion
 interfaces: the fusion of ER-derived vesicles with VTCs, and the assembly of
 VTCs to form cis-Golgi elements.

>sen9 in abstract number 352
 The 34-kD syntaxin 5 isoform, membrin, and
 GOS-28 may function in intraGolgi transport

>sen1 in abstract number 353
Association of the Golgi-specific adaptor protein complex 1
 (AP-1) with the membrane is a prerequisite for clathrin coat assembly on the
 trans-Golgi network (TGN).

>sen2 in abstract number 353
 The AP-1 adaptor is efficiently recruited from
 cytosol onto the TGN by myristoylated ADP-ribosylation factor 1 (ARF1) in the
 presence of the poorly hydrolyzable GTP analog guanosine 5
'-O-(3-thiotriphosphate) (GTPgammaS).

>sen3 in abstract number 353
 Substituting GTP for GTPgammaS, however,
 results in only poor AP-1 binding.

>sen4 in abstract number 353
 Here we show that both AP-1 and clathrin
 can be recruited efficiently onto the TGN in the presence of GTP when cytosol
 is supplemented with ARF1.

>sen5 in abstract number 353
 Optimal recruitment occurs at 4 microM ARF1 and
 with 1 mM GTP.

>sen6 in abstract number 353
 The AP-1 recruited by ARF1.

>sen7 in abstract number 353
GTP is released from the Golgi
 membrane by treatment with 1 M Tris-HCl (pH 7) or upon reincubation at 37
 degreesC, whereas AP-1 recruited with GTPgammaS or by a constitutively active
 point mutant, ARF1(Q71L), remains membrane bound after either treatment.

>sen8 in abstract number 353
 An
 incubation performed with added ARF1, GTP, and AlFn, used to block ARF
 GTPase-activating protein activity, results in membrane-associated AP-1,
 which is largely insensitive to Tris extraction.

>sen9 in abstract number 353
 Thus, ARF1.

>sen10 in abstract number 353
 GTP hydrolysis
 results in lower-affinity binding of AP-1 to the TGN.

>sen11 in abstract number 353
 Using two-stage assays
 in which ARF1.

>sen12 in abstract number 353
GTP first primes the Golgi membrane at 37 degreesC, followed by
 AP-1 binding on ice, we find that the high-affinity nucleating sites
 generated in the priming stage are rapidly lost.

>sen13 in abstract number 353
 In addition, the AP-1 bound
 to primed Golgi membranes during a second-stage incubation on ice is fully
 sensitive to Tris extraction, indicating that the priming stage has passed
 the ARF1.

>sen14 in abstract number 353
GTP hydrolysis point.

>sen15 in abstract number 353
 Thus, hydrolysis of ARF1.

>sen16 in abstract number 353
GTP at the priming
 sites can occur even before AP-1 binding.

>sen17 in abstract number 353
 Our finding that purified
 clathrin-coated vesicles contain little ARF1 supports the concept that ARF1
 functions in the coat assembly process rather than during the
 vesicle-uncoating step.

>sen18 in abstract number 353
 We conclude that ARF1 is a limiting factor in the
 GTP-stimulated recruitment of AP-1 in vitro and that it appears to function
 in a stoichiometric manner to generate high-affinity AP-1 binding sites that
 have a relatively short half-life

>sen1 in abstract number 354
Rubella virus E1 glycoprotein normally complexes with E2 in the
 endoplasmic reticulum (ER) to form a heterodimer that is transported to and
 retained in the Golgi complex.

>sen2 in abstract number 354
 In a previous study, we showed that in the
 absence of E2, unassembled E1 subunits accumulate in a tubular pre-Golgi
 compartment whose morphology and biochemical properties are distinct from
 both rough ER and Golgi.

>sen3 in abstract number 354
 We hypothesized that this compartment corresponds to
 hypertrophied ER exit sites that have expanded in response to overexpression
 of E1.

>sen4 in abstract number 354
 In the present study we constructed BHK cells stably expressing E1
 protein containing a cytoplasmically disposed epitope and isolated the
 pre-Golgi compartment from these cells by cell fractionation and
 immunoisolation.

>sen5 in abstract number 354
 Double label indirect immunofluorescence in cells and
 immunoblotting of immunoisolated tubular networks revealed that proteins
 involved in formation of ER-derived transport vesicles, namely p58/ERGIC 53,
 Sec23p, and Sec13p, were concentrated in the E1-containing pre-Golgi
 compartment.

>sen6 in abstract number 354
 Furthermore, budding structures were evident in these membrane
 profiles, and a highly abundant but unknown 65-kDa protein was also present.

>sen7 in abstract number 354

 By comparison, marker proteins of the rough ER, Golgi, and COPI vesicles were
 not enriched in these membranes.

>sen8 in abstract number 354
 These results demonstrate that the
 composition of the tubular networks corresponds to that expected of ER exit
 sites.

>sen9 in abstract number 354
 Accordingly, we propose the name SEREC (smooth ER exit compartment)
 for this structure

>sen1 in abstract number 355
To elucidate the molecular mechanisms underlying post-ischemic
 phenomena including delayed neuronal death, we screened for genes which were
 induced in the hippocampus after transient global ischemia in the Mongolian
 gerbil by a differential display method, and cloned a gerbil homologue of
 human ADP-ribosylation factor 4L (ARF4L).

>sen2 in abstract number 355
 Although the physiological roles of
 ARF4L are unknown, it is likely that ARF4L participates in vesicle transport
 between the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and Golgi complex as it contains a GTP
 binding site, myristoylation site and coatmer binding motif (KKXX).

>sen3 in abstract number 355
 In situ
 hybridization analysis indicated that the expression of ARF4L mRNA was
 elevated in neurons of the dentate gyrus (DG) and CA1 regions.

>sen4 in abstract number 355
 In DG, the
 signals were detected 3 h after ischemia and peaked at 6 h with subsequent
 gradual reduction.

>sen5 in abstract number 355
 On the other hand, in the CA1 region where cell death
 occurs in this model, ARF4L mRNA was slightly detected from 1 to 2 days after
 ischemia but was absent after 3 days.

>sen6 in abstract number 355
 Other vesicle transport-related genes
 such as ARF1, ARL4 and beta-COP were also induced after 5-min ischemia,
 suggesting that vesicle transport was activated in hippocampal neurons after
 ischemic stress.

>sen7 in abstract number 355
 To determine the cause of the induction of ARF4L gene
 expression after transient ischemia, we examined the changes in ARF4L mRNA
 expression in HEK 293 cells under hypoxic conditions compared with HSP70.

>sen8 in abstract number 355
 The
 expression of ARF4L mRNA was elevated at 12 h after hypoxia exposure,
 similarly to HSP70.

>sen9 in abstract number 355
 These results will help to elucidate the association of
 upregulation of vesicle transport systems including ARF4L and stress
 responses of neurons after transient ischemia

>sen1 in abstract number 356
Synaptic vesicles can be coated in vitro in a reaction that is
 ARF-, ATP-, and temperature-dependent and requires synaptic vesicle membrane
 proteins.

>sen2 in abstract number 356
 The coat is largely made up of the heterotetrameric complex,
 adaptor protein 3, recently implicated in Golgi-to-vacuole traffic in yeast.

>sen3 in abstract number 356

 Depletion of AP3 from brain cytosol inhibits small vesicle formation from
 PC12 endosomes in vitro.

>sen4 in abstract number 356
 Budding from washed membranes can be reconstituted
 with purified AP3 and recombinant ARF1.

>sen5 in abstract number 356
 We conclude that AP3 coating is
 involved in at least one pathway of small vesicle formation from endosomes

>sen1 in abstract number 357
Proteins are targeted to the membrane and matrix of peroxisomes
 by distinct pathways.

>sen2 in abstract number 357
 Recent observations suggest a further route: a subset
 of peroxisomal membrane proteins might be targeted first to the endoplasmic
 reticulum, and from there to peroxisomes by vesicle-mediated transport

>sen1 in abstract number 358
Vesicle-specific SNAP receptors (v-SNAREs) are believed to cycle
 between consecutive membrane compartments.

>sen2 in abstract number 358
 The v-SNARE Sec22(Sly2)p mediates
 the targeting of vesicles between endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and early Golgi
 of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.

>sen3 in abstract number 358
 To analyze factors involved in targeting of
 Sec22(Sly2)p, an alpha-factor-tagged Sec22 protein (Sec22-alpha) was
 employed.

>sen4 in abstract number 358
 Only on reaching the late Golgi, can alpha-factor be cleaved from
 this hybrid protein by Kex2p, a protease localized in this compartment.

>sen5 in abstract number 358
 In
 wild-type cells Kex2p-cleavage is observed only when Sec22-alpha is greatly
 overproduced.

>sen6 in abstract number 358
 Immunofluorescence microscopy and subcellular fractionation
 studies showed that Sec22-alpha is returned to the ER from the late Golgi
 (Kex2p) compartment.

>sen7 in abstract number 358
 When Sec22-alpha is expressed in wild-type cells at
 levels comparable to the quantities of endogenous Sec22p, very little of this
 protein is cleaved by Kex2p.

>sen8 in abstract number 358
 Efficient cleavage, however, occurs in mutants
 defective in the retrograde transport of different ER-resident proteins
 indicating that Sec22-alpha rapidly reaches the late Golgi of these cells.

>sen9 in abstract number 358

 These mutants (sec20-1, sec21-1, sec27-1 and ufe1-1) reveal Golgi structures
 when stained for Sec22-alpha and do not show the ER-immunofluorescence
 observed in wild-type cells.

>sen10 in abstract number 358
 These results show consistently that Sec22p
 recycles from the Golgi back to the ER and that this recycling involves
 retrograde COPI vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 359
We have previously shown that p115, a vesicle docking protein,
 binds to two proteins (p130 and p400) in detergent extracts of Golgi
 membranes. p130 was identified as GM130, a Golgi matrix protein, and was
 shown to act as a membrane receptor for p115. p400 has now been identified as
 giantin, a Golgi membrane protein with most of its mass projecting into the
 cytoplasm.

>sen2 in abstract number 359
 Giantin is found on COPI vesicles and pretreatment with antibodies
 inhibits both the binding of p115 and the docking of these vesicles with
 Golgi membranes.

>sen3 in abstract number 359
 In contrast, GM130 is depleted from COPI vesicles and
 inhibition of the GM130 on Golgi membranes, using either antibodies or an
 NH2-terminal GM130 peptide, inhibits p115 binding and vesicle docking.

>sen4 in abstract number 359

 Together these results suggest that COPI vesicles are docked by giantin on
 the COPI vesicles and GM130 on Golgi membranes with p115 providing a bridge

>sen1 in abstract number 360
Cis-Golgi cisternae have a higher freeze-fracture particle
 density than trans-cisternae.

>sen2 in abstract number 360
 Transport vesicles neighboring cis or trans
 positions of the Golgi stack have a particle concentration comparable to that
 of the adjacent cisterna and the buds emerging from it.

>sen3 in abstract number 360
 This implies that
 transport vesicles remain locally within the stack during their lifetime,
 near their origin, favoring a processive pattern of transport in which
 vesicle transfers occur preferentially between adjacent cisternae in the
 stack.

>sen4 in abstract number 360
 A ""string theory"" is proposed to account for processive transport,
 in which a carpet of fibrous attachment proteins located at the surface of
 cisternae (the strings) prevent budded vesicles from diffusing away but still
 allow them to diffuse laterally, effectively limiting transfers to adjoining
 cisternae in the stack.

>sen5 in abstract number 360
 Fibrous elements that multivalently connect otherwise
 free COPI-coated vesicles and uncoated transport vesicles to one or two
 cisternae simultaneously are discerned readily by electron microscopy.

>sen6 in abstract number 360
 It is
 suggested that long, coiled coil, motif-rich, Golgi-specific proteins
 including p115, GM130, and possibly giantin, among others, function as the
 proposed strings

>sen1 in abstract number 361
COPI-coated vesicles mediate protein transport within the early
 secretory pathway.

>sen2 in abstract number 361
 Their coat consists of ADP ribosylation factor (ARF1, a
 small guanosine nucleotide binding protein), and coatomer, a cytosolic
 complex composed of seven subunits, alpha- to zeta-coat proteins (COPs).

>sen3 in abstract number 361
 For
 coat formation that initiates budding of a vesicle, ARF1 is recruited to the
 Golgi membrane from the cytosol in its GTP-bound form, and subsequently,
 coatomer can bind to the membrane.

>sen4 in abstract number 361
 To identify a minimal structure of
 coatomer capable to bind to Golgi membranes in an ARF1-dependent manner, we
 have established a procedure to dissociate coatomer under conditions that
 allow reassociation of the subunits to a complete and functional complex.

>sen5 in abstract number 361

 After dissociation, subunits or subcomplexes can be isolated and may be
 expected to be functional.

>sen6 in abstract number 361
 Herein we describe isolation of a subcomplex of
 coatomer consisting of beta- and delta-COPs that is able to bind to Golgi
 membranes in an ARF1- and GTP-dependent manner

>sen1 in abstract number 362
ADP ribosylation factor (ARF) is thought to play a critical role
 in recruiting coatomer (COPI) to Golgi membranes to drive transport vesicle
 budding.

>sen2 in abstract number 362
 Yeast strains harboring mutant COPI proteins exhibit defects in
 retrograde Golgi to endoplasmic reticulum protein transport and striking
 cargo-selective defects in anterograde endoplasmic reticulum to Golgi protein
 transport.

>sen3 in abstract number 362
 To determine whether arf mutants exhibit similar phenotypes, the
 anterograde transport kinetics of multiple cargo proteins were examined in
 arf mutant cells, and, surprisingly, both COPI-dependent and COPI-independent
 cargo proteins exhibited comparable defects.

>sen4 in abstract number 362
 Retrograde dilysine-mediated
 transport also appeared to be inefficient in the arf mutants, and coatomer
 mutants with no detectable anterograde transport defect exhibited a synthetic
 growth defect when combined with arf1Delta, supporting a role for ARF in
 retrograde transport.

>sen5 in abstract number 362
 Remarkably, we found that early and medial Golgi
 glycosyltransferases localized to abnormally large ring-shaped structures.

>sen6 in abstract number 362

 The endocytic marker FM4-64 also stained similar, but generally larger
 ring-shaped structures en route from the plasma membrane to the vacuole in
 arf mutants.

>sen7 in abstract number 362
 Brefeldin A similarly perturbed endosome morphology and also
 inhibited transport of FM4-64 from endosomal structures to the vacuole.

>sen8 in abstract number 362

 Electron microscopy of arf mutant cells revealed the presence of what appear
 to be hollow spheres of interconnected membrane tubules which likely
 correspond to the fluorescent ring structures.

>sen9 in abstract number 362
 Together, these observations
 indicate that organelle morphology is significantly more affected than
 transport in the arf mutants, suggesting a fundamental role for ARF in
 regulating membrane dynamics.

>sen10 in abstract number 362
 Possible mechanisms for producing this dramatic
 morphological change in intracellular organelles and its relation to the
 function of ARF in coat assembly are discussed

>sen1 in abstract number 363
The small GTPase ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF) is absolutely
 required for coatomer vesicle formation on Golgi membranes but not for
 anterograde transport to the medial-Golgi in a mammalian in vitro transport
 system.

>sen2 in abstract number 363
 This might indicate that the in vivo mechanism of intra-Golgi
 transport is not faithfully reproduced in vitro, or that intra-Golgi
 transport occurs by a nonvesicular mechanism.

>sen3 in abstract number 363
 As one approach to
 distinguishing between these possibilities, we have characterized two
 additional cell-free systems that reconstitute transport to the trans-Golgi
 (trans assay) and trans-Golgi network (TGN assay).

>sen4 in abstract number 363
 Like in vitro transport to
 the medial-Golgi (medial assay), transport to the trans-Golgi and TGN
 requires cytosol, ATP, and N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive fusion protein (NSF).

>sen5 in abstract number 363

 However, each assay has its own distinct characteristics of transport.

>sen6 in abstract number 363
 The
 kinetics of transport to late compartments are slower, and less cytosol is
 needed for guanosine-5'-O-(3-thiotriphosphate) (GTPgammaS) to inhibit
 transport, suggesting that each assay reconstitutes a distinct transport
 event.

>sen7 in abstract number 363
 Depletion of ARF from cytosol abolishes vesicle formation and
 inhibition by GTPgammaS, but transport in all assays is otherwise unaffected.

>sen8 in abstract number 363

 Purified recombinant myristoylated ARF1 restores inhibition by GTPgammaS,
 indicating that the GTP-sensitive component in all assays is ARF.

>sen9 in abstract number 363
 We also
 show that asymmetry in donor and acceptor membrane properties in the medial
 assay is a unique feature of this assay that is unrelated to the production
 of vesicles.

>sen10 in abstract number 363
 These findings demonstrate that characteristics specific to
 transport between different Golgi compartments are reconstituted in the
 cell-free system and that vesicle formation is not required for in vitro
 transport at any level of the stack

>sen1 in abstract number 364
Using a cytosol and nucleotide dependent assay that we
 previously developed, we have investigated the requirement for coat proteins
 in the in vitro production of trans-Golgi network (TGN)-derived vesicles from
 a Madin-Darby canine kidney (MDCK) cell Golgi fraction that contains the
 35S-labeled, terminally glycosylated, envelope glycoprotein of vesicular
 stomatitis virus (VSV-G) accumulated in the TGN.

>sen2 in abstract number 364
 We found that the
 TGN-derived vesicles, like those involved in intra-Golgi transport and in
 retrograde transport to the endoplasmic reticulum, contain a coatomer coat
 and that coatomer is required for their formation.

>sen3 in abstract number 364
 Thus, after they are
 produced with GTPgammaS, the coated vesicles could be captured on beads
 containing anticoatomer antibody.

>sen4 in abstract number 364
 Moreover, a cytosolic protein fraction
 depleted of coatomer could not support vesicle formation but it did so after
 purified coatomer was added.

>sen5 in abstract number 364
 We also determined that P200/myosin II does not
 play an essential role in the in vitro generation of TGN-derived vesicles.

>sen6 in abstract number 364

 Thus, removal of this protein from the cytosol, by differential salt
 precipitation or binding to phalloidin-induced actin filaments, had no effect
 on vesicle generation.

>sen7 in abstract number 364
 Nevertheless, immunodepletion of cytosol using the
 anti-P200/myosin II AD7 antibody abolished vesicle generation and that
 antibody was capable of effectively immunocapturing coated vesicles, even
 when these were generated in the absence of P200/myosin II.

>sen8 in abstract number 364
 These effects,
 however, are explained by the unexpected finding that the AD7 antibody
 interacts with undenatured coatomer

>sen1 in abstract number 365
Sec7-related guanine nucleotide exchange factors (GEFs) initiate
 vesicle budding from the Golgi membrane surface by converting the GTPase ARF
 to a GTP-bound, membrane-associated form.

>sen2 in abstract number 365
 Here we report the crystal
 structure of the catalytic Sec7 homology domain of Arno, a human GEF for
 ARF1, determined at 2.2 angstroms resolution.

>sen3 in abstract number 365
 The Sec7 domain is an
 elongated, all-helical protein with a distinctive hydrophobic groove that is
 phylogenetically conserved.

>sen4 in abstract number 365
 Structure-based mutagenesis identifies the groove
 and an adjacent conserved loop as the ARF-interacting surface.

>sen5 in abstract number 365
 The sites of
 Sec7 domain interaction on ARF1 have subsequently been mapped, by protein
 footprinting experiments, to the switch 1 and switch 2 GTPase regions,
 leading to a model for the interaction between ARF GTPases and Sec7 domain
 exchange factors

>sen1 in abstract number 366
A novel type I transmembrane protein of COPI-coated vesicles,
 p23, has been demonstrated to be localized mainly to the Golgi complex.

>sen2 in abstract number 366
 This
 protein and p24, another member of the p24 family, have been shown to bind
 coatomer via their short cytoplasmic tails.

>sen3 in abstract number 366
 Here we demonstrate that p23
 continuously cycles through the early secretory pathway.

>sen4 in abstract number 366
 The cytoplasmic tail
 of p23 is shown to act as a functional retrieval signal as it confers
 endoplasmic reticulum (ER) residence to a CD8-p23 fusion protein.

>sen5 in abstract number 366
 This ER
 localization is, at least in part, a result of retrieval from post-ER
 compartments because CD8-p23 fusion proteins receive post-ER modifications.

>sen6 in abstract number 366

 In contrast, the cytoplasmic tail of p24 has been shown not to retrieve a
 CD8-p24 fusion protein.

>sen7 in abstract number 366
 The coatomer binding motifs FF and KK in the
 cytoplasmic tail of p23 are reported to influence the steady-state
 localization of the CD8-p23 fusion protein within the ER-Golgi recycling
 pathway.

>sen8 in abstract number 366
 It appears that the steady-state Golgi localization of endogenous
 p23 is maintained by its lumenal domain, as a fusion protein with the lumenal
 domain of CD8, and the membrane span as well as the cytoplasmic tail of p23
 is no longer detected in the Golgi

>sen1 in abstract number 367
Members of the p24 family of putative cargo receptors are
 proposed to contain retrograde and anterograde trafficking signals in their
 cytoplasmic domain to facilitate coat protein binding and cycling in the
 secretory pathway.

>sen2 in abstract number 367
 We have analyzed the role of the transmembrane domain
 (TMD) of a p24 protein isolated from COPI-coated intra-Golgi transport
 vesicles.

>sen3 in abstract number 367
 CD8-p24 chimeras were transiently expressed in COS7 cells and
 analyzed by immunofluorescence and pulse-chase experiments.

>sen4 in abstract number 367
 The localization
 and transit of the wild-type chimera from the endoplasmic reticulum (ER)
 through the Golgi complex involved a glutamic acid residue and a conserved
 glutamine in the TMD.

>sen5 in abstract number 367
 The TMD glutamic acid mediated the localization of the
 chimeras to the ER in the absence of the conserved glutamine.

>sen6 in abstract number 367
 Efficient ER
 exit required the TMD glutamine and was further facilitated by a pair of
 phenylalanine residues in the cytoplasmic tail.

>sen7 in abstract number 367
 TMD residues of p24 proteins
 may mediate the interaction with integral membrane proteins of the vesicle
 budding machinery to ensure p24 packaging into transport vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 368
Xenopus laevis egg extracts are a well-characterized system for
 studying nuclear envelope dynamics in vitro.

>sen2 in abstract number 368
 ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF), a
 21 kDa GTPase involved in vesicular transport, inhibits nuclear vesicle
 fusion in vitro when membranes are preincubated with ARF and GTP gamma S
 (Boman et al., Nature 358, 512-514 (1992)).

>sen3 in abstract number 368
 To test the hypothesis that ARF
 was required for nuclear envelope assembly or disassembly, we examined these
 events in cytosol from which ARF was depleted by size fractionation or
 inhibited with brefeldin A (BFA).

>sen4 in abstract number 368
 In ARF-depleted extracts, vesicles bound
 chromatin and fused to enclose the chromatin, but the resulting enclosed
 nuclei lacked pore complexes and remained small.

>sen5 in abstract number 368
 Further growth was not
 stimulated by adding ARF1, suggesting that fractionation removed other
 proteins required for pore complex assembly and nuclear growth.

>sen6 in abstract number 368
 Nuclei
 assembled in ARF-depleted extracts, and rat liver nuclei, disassembled
 normally in mitotic ARF-depleted reactions.

>sen7 in abstract number 368
 BFA, which inhibits ARF binding
 to membranes, had no effect on nuclear assembly or disassembly.

>sen8 in abstract number 368
 We concluded
 that ARF is not essential for nuclear membrane dynamics.

>sen9 in abstract number 368
 Nuclear vesicle
 fusion was still inhibited by GTP gamma S in ARF-depleted reactions and in
 reactions containing BFA, strongly suggesting that there is another
 unidentified GTPase that is either required for vesicle fusion or capable of
 inhibiting fusion in the presence of GTP gamma S

>sen1 in abstract number 369
Biosynthetic protein transport and sorting along the secretory
 pathway represents the last step in biosynthesis of a variety of proteins.

>sen2 in abstract number 369

 Proteins destined for delivery to the cell surface are inserted
 cotranslationally into the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and, after their
 correct folding, are transported out of the ER towards their final
 destinations.

>sen3 in abstract number 369
 The successive compartments of the secretory pathway are
 connected by vesicular shuttles that mediate delivery of cargo.

>sen4 in abstract number 369
 The formation
 of these carrier vesicles depends on the recruitment of cytosolic coat
 proteins that are thought to act as a mechanical device to shape a flattened
 donor membrane into a spherical vesicle.

>sen5 in abstract number 369
 A general molecular machinery that
 mediates targeting and fusion of carrier vesicles has also been identified.

>sen6 in abstract number 369

 This review is focused on COPI-coated vesicles that operate in protein
 transport within the early secretory pathway.

>sen7 in abstract number 369
 Rather than representing a
 general overview of the role of COPI-coated vesicles, this mini-review will
 discuss mechanisms specifically related to the biogenesis of COPI-coated
 vesicles: (i) a possible role of phospholipase D in the formation of
 COPI-coated vesicles, (ii) a functional role of a novel family of
 transmembrane proteins, the p24 family, in the initiation of COPI assembly,
 and (iii) the direction COPI-coated vesicles may take within the early
 secretory pathway

>sen1 in abstract number 370
Carrier vesicle generation from donor membranes typically
 progresses through a GTP-dependent recruitment of coats to membranes.

>sen2 in abstract number 370
 Here we
 explore the role of ADP ribosylation factor (ARF) 1, one of the GTP-binding
 proteins that recruit coats, in the production of neuroendocrine synaptic
 vesicles (SVs) from PC12 cell membranes.

>sen3 in abstract number 370
 Brefeldin A (BFA) strongly and
 reversibly inhibited SV formation in vivo in three different PC12 cell lines
 expressing vesicle-associated membrane protein-T Antigen derivatives.

>sen4 in abstract number 370
 Other
 membrane traffic events remained unaffected by the drug, and the BFA effects
 were not mimicked by drugs known to interfere with formation of other classes
 of vesicles.

>sen5 in abstract number 370
 The involvement of ARF proteins in the budding of SVs was
 addressed in a cell-free reconstitution system (Desnos, C., L.

>sen6 in abstract number 370
 Clift-O'Grady,
 and R.

>sen7 in abstract number 370
B.

>sen8 in abstract number 370
 Kelly. 1995.

>sen9 in abstract number 370
 J.

>sen10 in abstract number 370
 Cell Biol. 130:1041-1049).

>sen11 in abstract number 370
 A peptide spanning the
 effector domain of human ARF1 (2-17) and recombinant ARF1 mutated in its
 GTPase activity, both inhibited the formation of SVs of the correct size.

>sen12 in abstract number 370

 During in vitro incubation in the presence of the mutant ARFs, the labeled
 precursor membranes acquired different densities, suggesting that the two ARF
 mutations block at different biosynthetic steps.

>sen13 in abstract number 370
 Cell-free SV formation in
 the presence of a high molecular weight, ARF-depleted fraction from brain
 cytosol was significantly enhanced by the addition of recombinant
 myristoylated native ARF1.

>sen14 in abstract number 370
 Thus, the generation of SVs from PC12 cell
 membranes requires ARF and uses its GTPase activity, probably to regulate
 coating phenomena

>sen1 in abstract number 371
The nonreceptor tyrosine kinase Src binds to and is activated by
 the beta-receptor for platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF).

>sen2 in abstract number 371
 The interaction
 leads to Src phosphorylation of Tyr934 in the kinase domain of the receptor.

>sen3 in abstract number 371

 In the course of the functional characterization of this phosphorylation, we
 noticed that components of 136 and 97 kDa bound to a peptide from this region
 of the receptor in a phosphorylation-independent manner.

>sen4 in abstract number 371
 These components
 have now been purified and identified as alpha- and beta'-coatomer proteins
 (COPs), respectively.

>sen5 in abstract number 371
 COPs are a family of proteins involved in the
 regulation of intracellular vesicle transport.

>sen6 in abstract number 371
 In order to explore the
 functional significance of the interaction between alpha- and beta'-COP and
 the PDGF receptor, a receptor mutant was made in which the conserved
 histidine residue 928 was mutated to an alanine residue.

>sen7 in abstract number 371
 The mutant receptor,
 which was unable to bind alpha- or beta'-COP, showed a normal ligand-induced
 autophosphorylation.

>sen8 in abstract number 371
 The mutant receptor also behaved like the wildtype
 receptor with regard to biosynthesis and maturation, and mediated a mitogenic
 signal.

>sen9 in abstract number 371
 The possible functional importance of the interaction between the
 PDGF beta-receptor and alpha- and beta'-COP, is discussed

>sen1 in abstract number 372
To investigate the role of N-ethylmaleimide sensitive fusion
 protein (NSF) and soluble NSF attachment proteins (SNAP)-containing fusion
 complexes in glucose transporter-4 (GLUT4) membrane trafficking, the
 subcellular distributions of NSF, alpha-SNAP, and gamma-SNAP in primary rat
 adipocytes were determined.

>sen2 in abstract number 372
 A large fraction of the NSF and SNAPs were
 associated with intracellular membranes, distributed between the low-density
 microsomes (LDM) and high-density microsomes.

>sen3 in abstract number 372
 Very little of the NSF and
 SNAPs were associated with the plasma membrane fraction.

>sen4 in abstract number 372
 This distribution
 did not change after insulin stimulation.

>sen5 in abstract number 372
 Approximately 75% of the NSF and
 SNAPs in the LDM fraction were coimmunoprecipitated with 85% of the GLUT4 and
 60% of the vesicle associated membrane proteins (VAMPs; synaptobrevins)
 VAMP-2 and cellubrevin in anti-GLUT4 immunoadsorptions.

>sen6 in abstract number 372
 In contrast to NSF
 and the SNAPs, the beta-coatomer protein (beta-COP) found in the LDM fraction
 was excluded from GLUT4 vesicles.

>sen7 in abstract number 372
 When LDM fractions were solubilized with
 Thesit (octaethylene glycol dodecyl ether) or Triton X-100, approximately 40%
 of the alpha-SNAP was colocalized with NSF on glycerol gradients in large
 (approximately 20S), ATP-sensitive complexes.

>sen8 in abstract number 372
 VAMP-2 and cellubrevin are
 concentrated in the LDM fractions and in GLUT4 vesicles; both were excluded
 from these complexes.

>sen9 in abstract number 372
 These data suggest that the steady state association of
 NSF and the SNAPs with GLUT4 vesicles and cell membranes is independent of
 the formation of fusion complexes

>sen1 in abstract number 373
The docking of transport vesicles with their target membrane is
 thought to be mediated by p115.

>sen2 in abstract number 373
 We show here that GM130, a cis-Golgi matrix
 protein, interacts specifically with p115 and so could provide a membrane
 docking site.

>sen3 in abstract number 373
 Deletion analysis showed that the N-terminus binds to p115,
 whereas the C-terminus binds to Golgi membranes.

>sen4 in abstract number 373
 Mitotic phosphorylation of
 GM130 or a peptide derived from the N-terminus prevented binding to p115.

>sen5 in abstract number 373
 The
 peptide also inhibited the NSF- but not the p97-dependent reassembly of Golgi
 cisternae from mitotic fragments, unless it was mitotically phosphorylated.

>sen6 in abstract number 373

 Together, these data provide a molecular explanation for the COPI-mediated
 fragmentation of the Golgi apparatus at the onset of mitosis

>sen1 in abstract number 374
A site-directed photocrosslink approach was used to elucidate
 components that interact directly with ADP- ribosylation factor (ARF)-GTP
 during coat assembly.

>sen2 in abstract number 374
 Two ARF mutants were generated that contain a
 photolabile amino acid at positions distant to each other within the ARF
 molecule.

>sen3 in abstract number 374
 Here we show that one of the two positions specifically interacts
 with coatomer subunit beta both on Golgi membranes and in isolated coat
 protein complex type I (COPI)-coated vesicles.

>sen4 in abstract number 374
 Thus, a direct and
 GTP-dependent interaction of coatomer via beta-coat protein complex (COP)
 with ARF is involved in the coating of COPI-coated vesicles.

>sen5 in abstract number 374
 These data
 implicate a bivalent interaction of the complex with the donor membrane
 during vesicle formation

>sen1 in abstract number 375
ADP-ribosylation factors (ARFs) have been implicated in vesicle
 transport in the Golgi complex.

>sen2 in abstract number 375
 Employing yeast two-hybrid screening of an
 HL60 cDNA library using a constitutively active mutant of ARF3 (ARF3.

>sen3 in abstract number 375
Q71L),
 as a probe, we have identified a cDNA encoding a novel protein with a
 calculated molecular mass of 38.6 kDa, which we have named arfaptin 1.

>sen4 in abstract number 375
 The
 mRNA of arfaptin 1 was ubiquitously expressed, and recombinant arfaptin 1
 bound preferentially to class I ARFs, especially ARF1, but only in the
 GTP-bound form.

>sen5 in abstract number 375
 The interactions were independent of myristoylation of ARF.

>sen6 in abstract number 375

 Arfaptin 1 in cytosol was recruited to Golgi membranes by ARF in a guanosine
 5'-O-(3-thiotriphosphate)-dependent and brefeldin A-sensitive manner.

>sen7 in abstract number 375
 When
 expressed in COS cells, arfaptin 1 was localized to the Golgi complex.

>sen8 in abstract number 375
 The
 yeast two-hybrid system yielded another clone, which encoded a putative
 protein, which we have named arfaptin 2.

>sen9 in abstract number 375
 This consisted of the same number of
 amino acids as arfaptin 1 and was 60% identical to it.

>sen10 in abstract number 375
 Arfaptin 2 was also
 ubiquitously expressed and bound to the GTP-, but not GDP-liganded form of
 class I ARFs, especially ARF1.

>sen11 in abstract number 375
 These results suggest that arfaptins 1 and 2
 may be direct target proteins of class 1 ARFs.

>sen12 in abstract number 375
 Arfaptin 1 may be involved in
 Golgi function along with ARF1

>sen1 in abstract number 376
We have compared the abilities of mammalian ADP-ribosylation
 factors (ARFs) 1, 5, and 6 and Saccharomyces cerevisiae ARF2 to serve as
 substrates for the rat liver Golgi membrane guanine nucleotide exchange
 factor and to initiate the formation of clathrin- and coatomer protein (COP)
 I-coated vesicles on these membranes.

>sen2 in abstract number 376
 While Golgi membranes stimulated the
 exchange of GTPgammaS for GDP on all of the ARFs tested, mammalian ARF1 was
 the best substrate, with an apparent Km of 5 microM.

>sen3 in abstract number 376
 In all cases
 myristoylation of ARF was required for stimulation.

>sen4 in abstract number 376
 Agents that inhibit the
 Golgi membrane guanine nucleotide exchange factor (the fungal metabolite
 brefeldin A and trypsin treatment) selectively inhibited the guanine
 nucleotide exchange on mammalian ARF1.

>sen5 in abstract number 376
 Taken together, these data indicate
 that of the ARFs tested, only mammalian ARF1 is activated efficiently by the
 Golgi guanine nucleotide exchange factor.

>sen6 in abstract number 376
 The other ARFs are activated mainly
 by another mechanism, possibly phospholipid-mediated.

>sen7 in abstract number 376
 Once activated, all of
 the membrane-associated, myristoylated ARFs promoted the recruitment of
 coatomer to about the same extent.

>sen8 in abstract number 376
 Mammalian ARFs 1 and 5 were the most
 effective in promoting the recruitment of the AP-1 adaptor complex, whereas
 yeast ARF2 was the least active.

>sen9 in abstract number 376
 These data indicate that the specificity for
 ARF action on the Golgi membranes is primarily determined by the Golgi
 guanine nucleotide exchange factor, which has a strong preference for
 myristoylated mammalian ARF1

>sen1 in abstract number 377
Coatomer, the cytosolic protein complex, consists of seven
 subunits (alpha-, beta-, beta'-, gamma-, delta-, epsilon-, and zeta-COP) and
 is involved in vesicle trafficking early in the secretory pathway in
 collaboration with a 20 kDa GTP-binding protein (ARF).

>sen2 in abstract number 377
 In the present study,
 we have identified a yeast gene which encodes a protein having 39% amino acid
 sequence identity with bovine zeta-COP.

>sen3 in abstract number 377
 This gene (YZC1 for Yeast Zeta COP)
 is essential for vegetative growth and the growth defect of delta yzc1 cells
 was restored by bovine zeta-COP cDNA.

>sen4 in abstract number 377
 We isolated a temperature-sensitive
 mutant of YZC1 (yzc1ts) and examined its capacity for both the ER-to-Golgi
 transport and the double lysine motif (KKXX)-mediated retrograde transport
 from Golgi to ER.

>sen5 in abstract number 377
 At non-permissive temperature, the yzc1ts cells exhibited a
 weak defect in the anterograde transport, but a strong defect in the
 retrograde vesicle transport.

>sen6 in abstract number 377
 We conclude that Yzc1p is a yeast homologue of
 mammalian zeta-COP and participates mainly in the Golgi-to-ER retrograde
 transport

>sen1 in abstract number 378
ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF), a small GTPase required for
 vesicle formation, has been identified as an activator of phospholipase D
 (PLD), thus implying that PLD is localized at intracellular organelles.

>sen2 in abstract number 378
 HL60
 cells were prelabelled with [14C]acetate for 72 h and, after disruption,
 fractionated on a linear sucrose gradient.

>sen3 in abstract number 378
 ARF1-regulated PLD activity in
 each fraction was assessed by measurement of phosphatidylethanol production.

>sen4 in abstract number 378

 Two peaks of activity were identified, coincident with markers for
 Golgi/endoplasmic reticulum/granules (endomembranes) and plasma membrane
 respectively.

>sen5 in abstract number 378
 Analysis of the fractions using exogenous phosphatidylcholine
 as substrate confirmed the presence of ARF1-dependent PLD activity in
 endomembranes and plasma membrane, and also identified an additional activity
 in the cytosol.

>sen6 in abstract number 378
 In formyl-Met-Leu-Phe-stimulated cells, PLD activity as
 assessed by phosphatidylethanol formation was also associated with both the
 plasma membrane and endomembranes.

>sen7 in abstract number 378
 Since ARF1-regulated PLD activity requires
 phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate (PIP2), the distributions of inositol
 lipids and the kinases responsible for lipid phosphorylation were examined.

>sen8 in abstract number 378

 PIP2 was highly enriched at the plasma membrane, whereas phosphatidylinositol
 (PI) and phosphatidylinositol 4-phosphate (PI4P), the precursors for PIP2
 synthesis, were found predominantly at endomembranes.

>sen9 in abstract number 378
 The distribution of PI
 4-kinase and PI4P 5-kinase activities confirmed the plasma membrane as the
 major site of PIP2 production.

>sen10 in abstract number 378
 However, endomembranes possessed substantial
 PI 4-kinase activity and some PI4P 5-kinase activity, illustrating the
 potential for PIP2 synthesis.

>sen11 in abstract number 378
 It is concluded that:(1) ARF1-regulated PLD
 activity is localized at endomembranes and the plasma membrane, (2) PIP2 is
 available at both membrane compartments to function as a cofactor for
 ARF-regulated PLD, and (3) in intact cells, formyl-Met-Leu-Phe stimulates PLD
 activity at endomembranes as well as plasma membrane

>sen1 in abstract number 379
Forward and retrograde trafficking of secretory proteins between
 the endoplasmic reticulum and the Golgi apparatus is driven by two
 biochemically distinct vesicle coats, COPI and COPII.

>sen2 in abstract number 379
 Assembly of the coats
 on their target membranes is thought to provide the driving force for
 membrane deformation and the selective packaging of cargo and targeting
 molecules into nascent transport vesicles.

>sen3 in abstract number 379
 This review describes our current
 knowledge on these issues and discusses how the two coats may be
 differentially targeted and assembled to achieve protein sorting and
 transport within the early secretory pathway

>sen1 in abstract number 380
We have developed an experimental system that utilizes purified
 Golgi fractions obtained from virus infected infected MDCK cells to reproduce
 in vitro the process of vesicle generation in the trans Golgi network, an
 important site for the sorting of proteins addressed to the plasma membrane,
 secretory vesicles, or lysosomes.

>sen2 in abstract number 380
 Using an integrated biochemical and
 electron microscopic approach, we have shown that the formation of post Golgi
 vesicles carrying proteins destined to both plasma membrane domains of
 epithelial cells requires the activation of an ArF-like GTP-binding protein
 that serves to promote the assembly of the protein coat necessary to deform
 the donor membrane and generate a vesicle.

>sen3 in abstract number 380
 The formation of the post Golgi
 vesicles also requires the participation of a Golgi membrane-associated
 Protein Kinase C, but not its phosphorylating activity.

>sen4 in abstract number 380
 Other authors have
 shown that this is also the case for the PKC activation of the enzyme
 phospholipase D, which generates phosphatidic acid from phosphatidyl choline
 and may be involved in remodeling of membranes.

>sen5 in abstract number 380
 We have been able to dissect
 the process of post Golgi vesicle generation into two sequential stages, one
 of coat assembly and bud formation, and a subsequent one of vesicle scission.

>sen6 in abstract number 380

 The first stage can occur at 20 degrees C and requires the activation of the
 Arf protein necessary for coat assembly.

>sen7 in abstract number 380
 The second stage does not require
 nucleotides or an energy supply, but requires cytosolic proteins, and in
 particular, an NEM sensitive membrane scission promoting activity that
 operates only at a higher temperature of incubation.

>sen8 in abstract number 380
 Because various PKC
 inhibitors blocked vesicle scission without preventing bud formation, we
 propose that the PKC is required for the activation of a PLD in the TGN,
 which leads to remodeling of the donor membrane and the severing of
 connections between the emerging vesicles and the membranes

>sen1 in abstract number 381
Recent evidence suggests that secretory vesicle formation from
 the TGN is regulated by cytosolic signaling pathways involving small
 GTP-binding proteins, heterotrimeric G proteins, inositol phospholipid
 metabolism, and protein serine/threonine phosphorylation.

>sen2 in abstract number 381
 At the cell
 surface, protein phosphorylation and dephosphorylation on tyrosine residues
 can rapidly modulate cytosolic signaling pathways in response to
 extracellular stimuli and have been implicated in the internalization and
 sorting of signaling receptors. to determine if phosphotyrosine metabolism
 might also regulate secretory vesicle budding from the TGN, we treated
 permeabilized rat pituitary GH3 cells with inhibitors of either tyrosine
 phosphatases or tyrosine kinases.

>sen3 in abstract number 381
 We demonstrate that the tyrosine
 phosphatase inhibitors pervanadate and zinc potently inhibited budding of
 nascent secretory vesicles.

>sen4 in abstract number 381
 Tyrphostin A25 (TA25) and other tyrosine kinase
 inhibitors also prevented secretory vesicle release, suggesting that vesicle
 formation requires both phosphatase and kinase activities.

>sen5 in abstract number 381
 A stimulatory
 peptide derived from the NH2 terminus of the small GTP-binding protein ADP
 ribosylation factor 1 (ARF1) antagonized the inhibitory effect of TA25,
 indicating that both agents influence the same pathway leading to secretory
 vesicle formation.

>sen6 in abstract number 381
 Antiphosphotyrosine immunoblotting revealed that protein
 tyrosine phosphorylation was enhanced after treatment with tyrosine
 phosphatase or kinase inhibitors.

>sen7 in abstract number 381
 Subcellular fractionation identified
 several tyrosine phosphorylated polypeptides of approximately 175,
 approximately 130, and 90-110 kD that were enriched in TGN-containing Golgi
 fractions and tightly membrane associated.

>sen8 in abstract number 381
 The phosphorylation of these
 polypeptides correlated with inhibition of vesicle budding.

>sen9 in abstract number 381
 Our results
 suggest that in endocrine cells, protein tyrosine phosphrylation and
 dephosphorylation are required for secretory vesicle release from the TGN

>sen1 in abstract number 382
Formation of non-clathrin-coated vesicles requires the
 recruitment of several cytosolic factors to the Golgi membrane.

>sen2 in abstract number 382
 To identify
 membrane proteins involved in this budding process, a highly abundant type I
 transmembrane protein (p23) was isolated from mammalian Golgi-derived
 COPI-coated vesicles, and its cDNA was cloned and sequenced.

>sen3 in abstract number 382
 It belongs to
 the p24 family of proteins involved in the budding of transport vesicles
 (Stamnes, M.

>sen4 in abstract number 382
A., M.

>sen5 in abstract number 382
W.

>sen6 in abstract number 382
 Craighead, M.

>sen7 in abstract number 382
H.

>sen8 in abstract number 382
 Hoe, N.

>sen9 in abstract number 382
 Lampen, S.

>sen10 in abstract number 382
 Geromanos, P.

>sen11 in abstract number 382
 Tempst,
 and J.

>sen12 in abstract number 382
E.

>sen13 in abstract number 382
 Rothman. 1995.

>sen14 in abstract number 382
 Proc.

>sen15 in abstract number 382
 Natl.

>sen16 in abstract number 382
 Acad.

>sen17 in abstract number 382
 Sci.

>sen18 in abstract number 382
 USA. 92:8011-8015). p23
 consists of a large NH2-terminal luminal domain and a short COOH-terminal
 cytoplasmic tail (-LRRFFKAKKLIE-CO2-) that shows similarity, but not
 identity, with the sequence motif-KKXX-CO2-, known as a signal for retrieval
 of escaped ER-resident membrane proteins (Jackson, M.

>sen19 in abstract number 382
R., T.

>sen20 in abstract number 382
 Nilsson, and P.

>sen21 in abstract number 382
A.

>sen22 in abstract number 382

 Peterson. 1990.

>sen23 in abstract number 382
 EMBO (Eur.

>sen24 in abstract number 382
 Mol.

>sen25 in abstract number 382
 Biol.

>sen26 in abstract number 382
 Organ.) J. 9:3153-3162; Nilsson, T., M.

>sen27 in abstract number 382

 Jackson, and P.

>sen28 in abstract number 382
A.

>sen29 in abstract number 382
 Peterson. 1989.

>sen30 in abstract number 382
 Cell. 58:707-718).

>sen31 in abstract number 382
 The cytoplasmic tail of
 p23 binds to coatomer with similar efficiency as known KKXX motifs.

>sen32 in abstract number 382
 However,
 the p23 tail differs from the KKXX motif in having an additional motif needed
 for binding of coatomer. p23 is localized to Golgi cisternae and, during
 vesicle formation, it concentrates into COPI-coated buds and vesicles.

>sen33 in abstract number 382

 Biochemical analysis revealed that p23 is enriched in vesicles by a factor of
 approximately 20, as compared with the donor Golgi fraction, and is present
 in amounts stoichiometric to the small GTP-binding protein ADP-ribosylation
 factor (ARF) and coatomer.

>sen34 in abstract number 382
 From these data we conclude that p23 represents a
 Golgi-specific receptor for coatomer involved in the formation of COPI-coated
 vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 383
ER to Golgi transport requires the function of two distinct
 vesicle coat complexes, termed COPI (coatomer) and COPII, whose assembly is
 regulated by the small GTPases ADP-ribosylation factor 1 (ARF1) and Sar1,
 respectively.

>sen2 in abstract number 383
 To address their individual roles in transport, we have
 developed a new assay using mammalian microsomes that reconstitute the
 formation of ER-derived vesicular carriers.

>sen3 in abstract number 383
 Vesicles released from the ER
 were found to contain the cargo molecule vesicular stomatitis virus
 glycoprotein (VSV-G) and p58, an endogenous protein that continuously
 recycles between the ER and pre-Golgi intermediates.

>sen4 in abstract number 383
 Cargo was efficiently
 sorted from resident ER proteins during vesicle formation in vitro.

>sen5 in abstract number 383
 Export of
 VSV-G and p58 were found to be exclusively mediated by COPII.

>sen6 in abstract number 383
 Subsequent
 movement of ER-derived carriers to the Golgi stack was blocked by a
 trans-dominant ARF1 mutant restricted to the GDP-bound state, which is known
 to prevent COPI recruitment.

>sen7 in abstract number 383
 To establish the initial site of coatomer
 assembly after export from the ER, we immunoisolated the vesicular
 intermediates and tested their ability to recruit COPI.

>sen8 in abstract number 383
 Vesicles bound
 coatomer in a physiological fashion requiring an ARF1-guanine nucleotide
 exchange activity.

>sen9 in abstract number 383
 These results suggest that coat exchange is an early event
 preceding the targeting of ER-derived vesicles to pre-Golgi intermediates

>sen1 in abstract number 384
The AP-1 adaptor complex is recruited from the cytosol onto the
 trans-Golgi network membrane, where it co-assembles with clathrin into a coat
 that drives vesicle budding.

>sen2 in abstract number 384
 The GTPase ARF1 has been shown to be required
 for AP-1 recruitment, and here we demonstrate that we can reconstitute full
 GTPgammaS-dependent recruitment of adaptors onto an enriched trans-Golgi
 network membrane fraction by adding purified AP-1 and recombinant
 myristylated ARF1, indicating that these are the only soluble proteins
 required for binding.

>sen3 in abstract number 384
 To identify some of the membrane proteins involved in
 recruitment, we have incubated permeabilized metabolically labeled cells with
 cytosol under conditions that promote adaptor binding, then cross-linked the
 samples with 3,3'dithiobis(sulfosuccinimidylproprionate), denatured by
 boiling in SDS, and immunoprecipitated with antibodies against the various
 subunits.

>sen4 in abstract number 384
 Under these conditions, the adaptor subunits co-precipitate not
 only with each other and with clathrin, but also with three novel proteins:
 p75, which is specifically cross-linked to gamma-adaptin; p80, which is
 specifically cross-linked to beta'-adaptin; and p60, which is specifically
 cross-linked to AP47.

>sen5 in abstract number 384
 These proteins are all candidates for components of the
 adaptor docking site on the trans-Golgi network membrane

>sen1 in abstract number 385
Movement of material between intracellular compartments takes
 place through the production of transport vesicles derived from donor
 membranes.

>sen2 in abstract number 385
 Vesicle budding that results from the interaction of cytoplasmic
 coat proteins (coatomer and clathrin) with intracellular organelles requires
 a type of GTP-binding protein termed ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF).

>sen3 in abstract number 385
 The
 GTPase cycle of ARF proteins that allows the uncoating and fusion of a
 transport vesicle with a target membrane is mediated by ARF-dependent
 GTPase-activating proteins (GAPs).

>sen4 in abstract number 385
 A previously identified yeast protein,
 Gcs1, exhibits structural similarity to a mammalian protein with ARF-GAP
 activity in vitro.

>sen5 in abstract number 385
 We show herein that the Gcs1 protein also has ARF-GAP
 activity in vitro using two yeast Arf proteins as substrates.

>sen6 in abstract number 385
 Furthermore,
 Gcs1 function is needed for the efficient secretion of invertase, as expected
 for a component of vesicle transport.

>sen7 in abstract number 385
 The in vivo role of Gcs1 as an ARF GAP
 is substantiated by genetic interactions between mutations in the ARF1/ARF2
 redundant pair of yeast ARF genes and a gcs1-null mutation; cells lacking
 both Gcs1 and Arf1 proteins are markedly impaired for growth compared with
 cells missing either protein.

>sen8 in abstract number 385
 Moreover, cells with decreased levels of Arf1
 or Arf2 protein, and thus with decreased levels of GTP-Arf, are markedly
 inhibited for growth by increased GCS1 gene dosage, presumably because
 increased levels of Gcs1 GAP activity further decrease GTP-Arf levels.

>sen9 in abstract number 385
 Thus
 by both in vitro and in vivo criteria, Gcs1 is a yeast ARF GAP

>sen1 in abstract number 386
Vesicle-mediated traffic between compartments of the yeast
 secretory pathway involves recruitment of multiple cytosolic proteins for
 budding, targeting, and membrane fusion events.

>sen2 in abstract number 386
 The SEC7 gene product (Sec7p)
 is a constituent of coat structures on transport vesicles en route to the
 Golgi complex in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.

>sen3 in abstract number 386
 To identify mammalian
 homologs of Sec7p and its interacting proteins, we used a genetic selection
 strategy in which a human HepG2 cDNA library was transformed into
 conditional-lethal yeast sec7 mutants.

>sen4 in abstract number 386
 We isolated several clones capable of
 rescuing sec7 mutant growth at the restrictive temperature.

>sen5 in abstract number 386
 The cDNA encoding
 the most effective suppressor was identified as human ADP ribosylation factor
 4 (hARF4), a member of the GTPase family proposed to regulate recruitment of
 vesicle coat proteins in mammalian cells.

>sen6 in abstract number 386
 Having identified a
 Sec7p-interacting protein rather than the mammalian Sec7p homolog, we provide
 evidence that hARF4 suppressed the sec7 mutation by restoring secretory
 pathway function.

>sen7 in abstract number 386
 Shifting sec7 strains to the restrictive temperature
 results in the disappearance of the mutant Sec7p cytosolic pool without
 apparent changes in the membrane-associated fraction.

>sen8 in abstract number 386
 The introduction of
 hARF4 to the cells maintained the balance between cytosolic and
 membrane-associated Sec7p pools.

>sen9 in abstract number 386
 These results suggest a requirement for
 Sec7p cycling on and off of the membranes for cell growth and vesicular
 traffic.

>sen10 in abstract number 386
 In addition, overexpression of the yeast GTPase-encoding genes ARF1
 and ARF2, but not that of YPT1, suppressed the sec7 mutant growth phenotype
 in an allele-specific manner.

>sen11 in abstract number 386
 This allele specificity indicates that
 individual ARFs are recruited to perform two different Sec7p-related
 functions in vesicle coat dynamics

>sen1 in abstract number 387
The GTP analog GTP gamma S potently inhibits nuclear envelope
 assembly in cell-free Xenopus egg extracts.

>sen2 in abstract number 387
 GTP gamma S does not affect
 vesicle binding to chromatin but blocks vesicle fusion.

>sen3 in abstract number 387
 Fusion inhibition by
 GTP gamma S is mediated by a soluble factor, initially named GSF (GTP gamma
 S-dependent soluble factor).

>sen4 in abstract number 387
 We previously showed that vesicles pretreated
 with GTP gamma S plus recombinant mammalian ARF1 were inhibited for fusion,
 suggesting that ""GSF activity"" was due to the ARF (ADP-ribosylation factor)
 family of small GTP-binding proteins.

>sen5 in abstract number 387
 To ask if any soluble proteins other
 than ARF also inhibited vesicle fusion in the pretreatment assay, we purified
 GSF activity from Xenopus egg cytosol.

>sen6 in abstract number 387
 At all steps in the purification,
 fractions containing ARF, but no other fractions, showed GSF activity.

>sen7 in abstract number 387
 The
 purified GSF was identified as Xenopus ARF by immunoblotting and peptide
 sequence analysis.

>sen8 in abstract number 387
 Reverse phase HPLC and mass spectrometry revealed that GSF
 contained at least three distinct ARF proteins, all of which copurified
 through three chromatography steps.

>sen9 in abstract number 387
 The most abundant isoform was identified
 as ARF1 (62% of the total GSF), because its experimentally determined mass of
 20 791 Da matched within experimental error that predicted by the sequence of
 the Xenopus ARF1 cDNA, which is reported here.

>sen10 in abstract number 387
 The second-most abundant
 isoform (25% of GSF activity) was identified as ARF3.

>sen11 in abstract number 387
 We concluded that ARF
 is most likely the only soluble protein that inhibits nuclear vesicle fusion
 after pretreatment with GTP gamma S

>sen1 in abstract number 388
A synthetic N-myristoylated peptide corresponding to the
 amino-terminal domain of ADP-ribosylation factor 1 (ARF1) markedly increases,
 in a cell-free system using post-nuclear supernatant from PC12 cells, the
 biogenesis of constitutive secretory vesicles and immature secretory granules
 from the trans-Golgi network (TGN).

>sen2 in abstract number 388
 The related N-myristoylated ARF4 peptide
 only weakly stimulates, and the non-myristoylated ARF1 and ARF4 peptides
 inhibit, the biogenesis of these secretory vesicles.

>sen3 in abstract number 388
 In a modified cell-free
 system using TGN membranes, coatomer-depleted cytosol supports the biogenesis
 of TGN-derived secretory vesicles to the same extent as control cytosol.

>sen4 in abstract number 388

 These results suggest a role for ARF1, but not the COP I coat, in secretory
 vesicle biogenesis from the TGN, possibly via the activation of phospholipase
 D

>sen1 in abstract number 389
In this paper, we show that beta COP is present on endosomes and
 is required for the formation of vesicles which mediate transport from early
 to late endosomes.

>sen2 in abstract number 389
 Both the association of beta COP to endosomal membranes as
 well as transport vesicle formation depend on the lumenal pH.

>sen3 in abstract number 389
 We find that
 epsilon COP, but not gamma COP, is also associated to endosomes, and that
 this association is also lumenal pH dependent.

>sen4 in abstract number 389
 Our data, thus, indicate that
 a subset of COPs is part of the mechanism regulating endosomal membrane
 transport, and that membrane association of these COPs is controlled by the
 acidic properties of early endosomes, presumably via a trans-membrane pH
 sensor

>sen1 in abstract number 390
The trafficking of proteins within eukaryotic cells is achieved
 by the capture of cargo and targeting molecules into vesicles that bud from a
 donor membrane and deliver their contents to a receiving department.

>sen2 in abstract number 390
 This
 process is bidirectional and may involve multiple organelles within a cell.

>sen3 in abstract number 390

 Distinct coat proteins mediate each budding event, serving both to shape the
 transport vesicle and to select by direct or indirect interaction the desired
 set of cargo molecules.

>sen4 in abstract number 390
 Secretion, which has been viewed as a default
 pathway, may require sorting and packaging signals on transported molecules
 to ensure their rapid delivery to the cell surface

>sen1 in abstract number 391
A general protein machinery that buds and fuses transport
 vesicles is harnessed to generate the complex web of intracellular transport
 pathways critical for such diverse processes as cell growth, endocytosis,
 hormone release, and neurotransmission.

>sen2 in abstract number 391
 With this appreciation, the challenge
 of understanding the precise molecular mechanisms of these many facets of
 cell biology has been reduced to a series of problems in protein structure
 and chemistry

>sen1 in abstract number 392
The cytosolic yeast proteins Sec13p-Sec31p, Sec23p-Sec24p, and
 the small GTP-binding protein Sar1p generate protein transport vesicles by
 forming the membrane coat termed COPII.

>sen2 in abstract number 392
 We demonstrate by thin section and
 immunoelectron microscopy that purified COPII components form transport
 vesicles directly from the outer membrane of isolated yeast nuclei.

>sen3 in abstract number 392
 Another
 set of yeast cytosolic proteins, coatomer and Arf1p (COPI), also form coated
 buds and vesicles from the nuclear envelope.

>sen4 in abstract number 392
 Formation of COPI-coated, but
 not COPII-coated, buds and vesicles on the nuclear envelope is inhibited by
 the fungal metabolite brefeldin A.

>sen5 in abstract number 392
 The two vesicle populations are distinct.

>sen6 in abstract number 392

 However, both vesicle types are devoid of endoplasmic reticulum (ER) resident
 proteins, and each contains targeting proteins necessary for docking at the
 Golgi complex.

>sen7 in abstract number 392
 Our data suggest that COPI and COPII mediate separate
 vesicular transport pathways from the ER

>sen1 in abstract number 393
ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF) is a highly conserved, low
 molecular mass (ca. 21 kDa) GTP-binding protein that has been implicated in
 vesicle trafficking and signal transduction in yeast and mammalian cells.

>sen2 in abstract number 393

 However, little is known of ARF in plant systems.

>sen3 in abstract number 393
 A putative ARF polypeptide
 was identified in subcellular fractions of the green alga Chlamydomonas
 reinhardtii, based on [32P]GTP binding and immunoblot assays.

>sen4 in abstract number 393
 A cDNA clone
 was isolated from Chlamydomonas (Arf1), which encodes a 20.7 kDa protein with
 90% identity to human ARF1.

>sen5 in abstract number 393
 Northern blot analyses showed that levels of Arf1
 mRNA are highly regulated during 12 h/12 h light/dark (LD) cycles.

>sen6 in abstract number 393
 A biphasic
 pattern of expression was observed: a transient peak of Arf1 mRNA occurred at
 the onset of the light period, which was followed ca. 12 h later by a more
 prominent peak in the early to mid-dark period.

>sen7 in abstract number 393
 When LD-synchronized cells
 were shifted to continuous darkness, the dark-specific peak of Arf1 mRNA
 persisted, indicative of a circadian rhythm.

>sen8 in abstract number 393
 The increase in Arf1 mRNA at the
 beginning of the light period, however, was shown to be light-dependent, and,
 moreover, dependent on photosynthesis, since it was prevented by DCMU.

>sen9 in abstract number 393
 We
 conclude that the biphasic pattern of Arf1 mRNA accumulation during LD cycles
 is due to regulation by two different factors, light (which requires
 photosynthesis) and the circadian clock.

>sen10 in abstract number 393
 Thus, these studies identify a novel
 pattern of expression for a GTP-binding protein gene

>sen1 in abstract number 394
COPI and COPII are vesicle coat complexes whose assembly is
 regulated by the ARF1 and Sar1 GTPases, respectively.

>sen2 in abstract number 394
 We show that COPI and
 COPII coat complexes are recruited separately and independently to ER
 (COPII), pre-Golgi (COPI, COPII), and Golgi (COPI) membranes of mammalian
 cells.

>sen3 in abstract number 394
 To address their individual roles in ER to Golgi transport, we used
 stage specific in vitro transport assays to synchronize movement of cargo to
 and from pre-Golgi intermediates, and GDP- and GTP-restricted forms of Sar1
 and ARF1 proteins to control coat recruitment.

>sen4 in abstract number 394
 We find that COPII is solely
 responsible for export from the ER, is lost rapidly following vesicle budding
 and mediates a vesicular step required for the build-up of pre-Golgi
 intermediates composed of clusters of vesicles and small tubular elements.

>sen5 in abstract number 394

 COPI is recruited onto pre-Golgi intermediates where it initiates segregation
 of the anterograde transported protein vesicular stomatitis virus
 glycoprotein (VSV-G) from the retrograde transported protein p58, a protein
 which actively recycles between the ER and pre-Golgi intermediates.

>sen6 in abstract number 394
 We
 propose that sequential coupling between COPII and COPI coats is essential to
 coordinate and direct bi-directional vesicular traffic between the ER and
 pre-Golgi intermediates involved in transport of protein to the Golgi complex

>sen1 in abstract number 395
Coatomer is an oligomeric complex of coat proteins that
 regulates vesicular traffic through the Golgi complex and from the Golgi to
 the endoplasmic reticulum [Pelham (1994) Cell 79, 1125-1127].

>sen2 in abstract number 395
 We have
 investigated whether the binding of InsP6 to mammalian coatomer [Fleischer,
 Xie, Mayrleitner, Shears and Fleischer (1994) J.

>sen3 in abstract number 395
 Biol.

>sen4 in abstract number 395
 Chem. 269,
 17826-17832] is conserved in the genetically amenable model Saccharomyces
 cerevisiae.

>sen5 in abstract number 395
 We have isolated coatomer from S. cerevisiae and found it to bind
 InsP6 at two apparent classes of binding sites (KD1 = 0.8 +/- 0.2 nM; KD2 =
 361 +/- 102 nM).

>sen6 in abstract number 395
 Ligand specificity was studied by displacing 4.5 nM
 [3H]InsP6 from coatomer with various Ins derivatives.

>sen7 in abstract number 395
 The following IC50
 values (nM) were obtained: myo-InsP6 = 6; bis(diphospho)inositol
 tetrakisphosphate = 6; diphosphoinositol pentakisphosphate = 6; scyllo-InsP6
 = 12; Ins(1,3,4,5,6)P5 = 13; Ins(1,2,4,5,6)P5 = 22; Ins(1,3,4,5)P4 = 22;
 1-O-(1,2-di-O-octanoyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho)-D-Ins(3,4,5)P3 = 290.

>sen8 in abstract number 395
 Less than
 10% of the 3H label was displaced by 1 microM of either Ins(1,4,5)P3 or
 inositol hexakis-sulphate.

>sen9 in abstract number 395
 A cell-free lysate of S. cerevisiae synthesized
 diphosphoinositol polyphosphates (PP-InsPn) from InsP6, but our binding data,
 plus measurements of the relative levels of inositol polyphosphates in intact
 yeast [Hawkins, Stephens and Piggott (1993) J.

>sen10 in abstract number 395
 Biol.

>sen11 in abstract number 395
 Chem. 268, 3374-3383],
 indicate that InsP6 is the major physiologically relevant ligand.

>sen12 in abstract number 395
 Thus a
 reconstituted vesicle trafficking system using coatomer and other
 functionally related components isolated from yeast should be a useful model
 for elucidating the functional significance of the binding of InsP6 by
 coatomer

>sen1 in abstract number 396
We have isolated a major integral membrane protein from
 Golgi-derived coatomer-coated vesicles.

>sen2 in abstract number 396
 This 24-kDa protein, p24, defines a
 family of integral membrane proteins with homologs present in yeast and
 humans.

>sen3 in abstract number 396
 In addition to sequence similarity, all p24 family members contain a
 motif with the characteristic heptad repeats found in coiled coils.

>sen4 in abstract number 396
 When the
 yeast p24 isoform, yp24A, is knocked out in a strain defective for vesicle
 fusion, a dramatic reduction in the accumulation of transport vesicles is
 observed.

>sen5 in abstract number 396
 Together, these results indicate a role for this protein family in
 the budding of coatamer-coated and other species of coated vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 397
Recent data strongly suggest that the coatomer (COP) complex is
 involved in membrane transport between the ER and Golgi complex.

>sen2 in abstract number 397
 This
 vesicular coat has been implicated in ER to Golgi, in intra Golgi as well as
 in Golgi to ER traffic.

>sen3 in abstract number 397
 In this study we present a detailed
 immunocytochemical analysis of the distribution of beta-COP in different
 tissue culture cells.

>sen4 in abstract number 397
 Our results extend previous studies by showing, using
 electron microscopy, that beta-COP accumulates on vesicular profiles and buds
 in the intermediate compartment (IC) under conditions that block ER to Golgi
 transport (15 degrees C).

>sen5 in abstract number 397
 Importantly, under these conditions beta-COP
 co-localizes on these structures with a passenger protein, the membrane
 glycoprotein of vesicular stomatis virus (ts-O45-G).

>sen6 in abstract number 397
 Furthermore,
 quantitative immunofluorescence microscopy of cells with ts-045-G accumulated
 in the ER, IC and trans-Golgi network, shifted briefly to the permissive
 temperature, showed that beta-COP was associated with many of the putative
 transport intermediates containing the viral glycoprotein which is in transit
 between the ER/IC and the cis-Golgi.

>sen7 in abstract number 397
 The simplest interpretation of these
 data is that COP-coated vesicles are involved in anterograde transport of
 ts-045-G from the IC to the Golgi complex.

>sen8 in abstract number 397
 Since many putative COP vesicle
 lacked the G protein following release of the 15 degrees C block this pool
 could be involved in retrograde transport.

>sen9 in abstract number 397
 We also show that beta-COP is
 present on the membranes of the trans-Golgi network.

>sen10 in abstract number 397
 However, in contrast to
 the ER-Golgi boundary, we could find no convincing evidence that this pool of
 beta-COP is associated with buds or trans-Golgi network-derived transport
 vesicles

>sen1 in abstract number 398
The biosynthesis of secretory proteins requires vesicle-mediated
 transport between the organelles of the secretory pathway.

>sen2 in abstract number 398
 Biochemical and
 genetic analysis of the secretory pathway has identified two non-clathrin
 coats--COPI and COPII--that drive the formation of vesicles that mediate
 transport between the endoplasmic reticulum and the Golgi apparatus, and
 through the compartments of the Golgi.

>sen3 in abstract number 398
 Recently, a molecular description of
 the subunits of these coats and the development of biochemical reagents to
 study their function has yielded new information on how these proteins share
 the task of organizing vesicle traffic early in the secretory pathway

>sen1 in abstract number 399
Membrane tubules of uniform diameter (60-80 nm) and variable
 lengths have been seen to extend from the main bodies of the Golgi complex,
 trans Golgi network (TGN), and endosomes.

>sen2 in abstract number 399
 In the case of endosomes, these
 tubules appear to mediate membrane and receptor recycling events.

>sen3 in abstract number 399
 Brefeldin A
 (BFA) is a potent drug that completely blocks coated vesicle formation from
 the Golgi complex and TGN, but at the same time causes the enhanced formation
 of membrane tubules from these same organelles.

>sen4 in abstract number 399
 Recently, experiments have
 shown that calmodulin antagonists inhibit the transport of receptors out of
 endosomes, perhaps by inhibiting the formation of recycling tubules.

>sen5 in abstract number 399
 Using
 the potent calmodulin-specific antagonists
 N-(6-aminohexyl)-5-chloro-1-naphthalenesulfonamide (W-7),
 N-(4-aminobutyl)-5-chloro-2-naphthalenesulfonamide (W-13), and
 N-(4-aminobutyl)-5-chloro-1-naphthalenesulfonamide (C-1), we found that the
 recycling of transferrin from endosomes to the cell surface was significantly
 inhibited, resulting in the formation of enlarged endosomal vacuoles.

>sen6 in abstract number 399
 In
 addition, these same calmodulin antagonists also potently inhibited the
 formation of BFA-stimulated membrane tubules from the Golgi complex, TGN, and
 endosomes.

>sen7 in abstract number 399
 In the case of the Golgi complex, failure to form tubules resulted
 in the inhibition of BFA-stimulated retrograde transport to the endoplasmic
 reticulum.

>sen8 in abstract number 399
 These results suggest that calmodulin is a general regulator of
 membrane tubulation and is capable of influencing the morphology of several
 organelles

>sen1 in abstract number 400
A specific role for ADP-ribosylation factors (ARFs) in in vitro
 endosome-endosome fusion has been proposed (Lenhard, J.

>sen2 in abstract number 400
 M., Kahn, R.

>sen3 in abstract number 400
 A., and
 Stahl, P.

>sen4 in abstract number 400
 D. (1992) J.

>sen5 in abstract number 400
 Biol.

>sen6 in abstract number 400
 Chem. 267, 13047-13052).

>sen7 in abstract number 400
 However, in vivo
 studies have failed to support a function for ARFs in the endocytic pathway,
 since an antagonist of ARF activities, brefeldin A, does not interfere with
 receptor internalization (Schonhorn, J.

>sen8 in abstract number 400
 E., and Wessling-Resnick, M. (1994)
 Mol.

>sen9 in abstract number 400
 Cell.

>sen10 in abstract number 400
 Biochem. 135, 159-164).

>sen11 in abstract number 400
 This controversy surrounding the exact
 function of ARF in endocytic vesicle traffic prompted us to critically
 re-examine the involvement of ARFs in cell-free endosome fusion.

>sen12 in abstract number 400
 Cytosol
 depleted of ARF activity was capable of supporting in vitro endocytic vesicle
 fusion but failed to support inhibition of this reaction in the presence of
 guanosine 5'-3-O-(thio)triphosphate (GTP gamma S).

>sen13 in abstract number 400
 Addition of purified ARF1
 restored the ability of the ARF-depleted cytosol to inhibit endosome fusion
 when incubated with GTP gamma S.

>sen14 in abstract number 400
 Both endocytic vesicle fusion and the GTP
 gamma S-mediated inhibition of vesicle fusion were unaffected by brefeldin A.

>sen15 in abstract number 400

 Moreover, the ATP requirement and kinetics of cell-free fusion are not
 altered by brefeldin A or depletion of cytosolic ARFs.

>sen16 in abstract number 400
 These results suggest
 that cytosolic ARFs are not necessary for endosomal vesicle fusion in vitro
 but are responsible for inhibition of fusion in the presence of GTP gamma S
 and cytosolic factors in a brefeldin A-resistant manner

>sen1 in abstract number 401
Golgi-associated cytoplasmic proteins, such as the coatomer
 protein complex, are required for vesicle budding and trafficking.

>sen2 in abstract number 401
 We have
 previously described a cytoplasmic phosphoprotein, p200, which binds
 dynamically and specifically to Golgi membranes.

>sen3 in abstract number 401
 The p200 protein is
 dissociated from Golgi membranes in the presence of brefeldin A and it is
 induced to bind to Golgi membranes by activation of guanine nucleotide
 binding proteins (G proteins) with guanosine 5'-[gamma-thio]triphosphate or
 aluminum fluoride.

>sen4 in abstract number 401
 To establish the role of p200 in vesicle budding, we
 localized membrane-bound p200 in intact cells and on isolated Golgi
 membranes.

>sen5 in abstract number 401
 We show that p200 is preferentially associated with vesicles in
 the trans-Golgi network (TGN).

>sen6 in abstract number 401
 Activation of G proteins induced budding and
 accumulation of small, coated vesicles from Golgi membranes and p200 was
 localized on the cytoplasmic surface of some of these vesicles.

>sen7 in abstract number 401
 Using
 immunogold labeling we further demonstrate that p200 and beta-COP are
 localized on different populations of Golgi-derived vesicles.

>sen8 in abstract number 401
 These data
 establish that p200 is involved in the budding and coating of a class of Goli
 vesicles that are likely to be derived from the TGN.

>sen9 in abstract number 401
 The data also show that
 there are distinct populations of non-clathrin-coated vesicles budded from
 Golgi membranes, and vesicles labeled for either beta-COP or p200 may
 represent transport vesicles for separate steps of protein transport

>sen1 in abstract number 402
A novel human gene, ARCN1, has been identified in chromosome
 band 11q23.3.

>sen2 in abstract number 402
 It maps approximately 50 kb telomeric to MLL, a gene that is
 disrupted in a number of leukemia-associated translocation chromosomes. cDNA
 clones representing ARCN1 hybridize to 4-kb mRNA species present in all
 tissues tested.

>sen3 in abstract number 402
 Sequencing of cDNAs suggests that at least two forms of mRNA
 with alternative 5' ends are present within the cell.

>sen4 in abstract number 402
 The mRNA with the
 longest open reading frame gives rise to a protein of 57 kDa.

>sen5 in abstract number 402
 Although the
 sequence reported is novel, remarkable similarity is observed with two
 predicted protein sequences from partial DNA sequences generated by rice
 (Oryza sativa) and fruit fly (Drosophila melanogaster) genome projects.

>sen6 in abstract number 402
 The
 degree of sequence conservation is comparable to that observed for highly
 conserved structural proteins, such as heat shock protein HSP70, and is
 greater than that of gamma-tubulin and heat shock protein HSP60.

>sen7 in abstract number 402
 A more
 distant relationship to the group of clathrin-associated proteins suggests a
 possible role in vesicle structure or trafficking.

>sen8 in abstract number 402
 In view of its ancient
 pedigree and a potential involvement in cellular architecture, we propose
 that the ARCN1 protein be named archain

>sen1 in abstract number 403
The small GTPase Rab1 is required for vesicular traffic from the
 ER to the cis-Golgi compartment, and for transport between the cis and medial
 compartments of the Golgi stack.

>sen2 in abstract number 403
 In the present study, we examine the role of
 guanine nucleotide dissociation inhibitor (GDI) in regulating the function of
 Rab1 in the transport of vesicular stomatitis virus glycoprotein (VSV-G) in
 vitro.

>sen3 in abstract number 403
 Incubation in the presence of excess GDI rapidly (t1/2 < 30 s)
 extracted Rab1 from membranes, inhibiting vesicle budding from the ER and
 sequential transport between the cis-, medial-, and trans-Golgi cisternae.

>sen4 in abstract number 403

 These results demonstrate a direct role for GDI in the recycling of Rab
 proteins.

>sen5 in abstract number 403
 Analysis of rat liver cytosol by gel filtration revealed that a
 major pool of Rab1 fractionates with a molecular mass of approximately 80 kD
 in the form of a GDI-Rab1 complex.

>sen6 in abstract number 403
 When the GDI-Rab1 complex was depleted
 from cytosol by use of a Rab1-specific antibody, VSV-G failed to exit the ER.

>sen7 in abstract number 403

 However, supplementation of depleted cytosol with a GDI-Rab1 complex prepared
 in vitro from recombinant forms of Rab1 and GDI efficiently restored export
 from the ER, and transport through the Golgi stack.

>sen8 in abstract number 403
 These results provide
 evidence that a cytosolic GDI-Rab1 complex is required for the formation of
 non-clathrin-coated vesicles mediating transport through the secretory
 pathway

>sen1 in abstract number 404
In vitro synthesis of endoplasmic reticulum-derived transport
 vesicles has been reconstituted with washed membranes and three soluble
 proteins (Sar1p, Sec13p complex, and Sec23p complex).

>sen2 in abstract number 404
 Vesicle formation
 requires GTP but can be driven by nonhydrolyzable analogs such as GMP-PNP.

>sen3 in abstract number 404

 However, GMP-PNP vesicles fail to target and fuse with the Golgi complex
 whereas GTP vesicles are functional.

>sen4 in abstract number 404
 All the cytosolic proteins required for
 vesicle formation are retained on GMP-PNP vesicles, while Sar1p dissociates
 from GTP vesicles.

>sen5 in abstract number 404
 Thin section electron microscopy of purified preparations
 reveals a uniform population of 60-65 nm vesicles with a 10 nm thick electron
 dense coat.

>sen6 in abstract number 404
 The subunits of this novel coat complex are molecularly distinct
 from the constituents of the nonclathrin coatomer involved in intra-Golgi
 transport.

>sen7 in abstract number 404
 Because the overall cycle of budding driven by these two types of
 coats appears mechanistically similar, we propose that the coat structures be
 called COPI and COPII

>sen1 in abstract number 405
The coat proteins required for budding COP-coated vesicles from
 Golgi membranes, coatomer and ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF) protein, are
 shown to be required to reconstitute the orderly process of transport between
 Golgi cisternae in which fusion of transport vesicles begins only after
 budding ends.

>sen2 in abstract number 405
 When either coat protein is omitted, fusion is uncoupled from
 budding-donor and acceptor compartments pair directly without an intervening
 vesicle.

>sen3 in abstract number 405
 Coupling may therefore results from the sequestration of fusogenic
 membrane proteins into assembling coated vesicles that are only exposed when
 the coat is removed after budding is complete.

>sen4 in abstract number 405
 This mechanism of coupling
 explains the phenomenon of ""retrograde transport"" triggered by uncouplers
 such as the drug brefeldin A

>sen1 in abstract number 406
We investigated the role of ADP-ribosylation factors (ARFs) in
 Golgi function using biochemical and morphological cell-free assays.

>sen2 in abstract number 406
 An
 ARF-free cytosol produced from soluble Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) extracts
 supports intra-Golgi transport by a mechanism that is biochemically
 indistinguishable from control transport reactions: ARF-free transport
 reactions are NSF-dependent, remain sensitive to the donor Golgi-specific
 inhibitor ilimaquinone, and exhibit kinetics that are identical to that of
 control reactions containing ARFs.

>sen3 in abstract number 406
 In contrast, ARF-free cytosol does not
 support the formation of coated vesicles on Golgi cisternae.

>sen4 in abstract number 406
 However, vesicle
 formation is reconstituted upon the addition of ARF1.

>sen5 in abstract number 406
 These data suggest that
 neither soluble ARFs nor coated vesicle formation are essential for
 transport.

>sen6 in abstract number 406
 We conclude that cell-free intra-Golgi transport proceeds via a
 coated vesicle-independent mechanism regardless of vesicle formation on Golgi
 cisternae

>sen1 in abstract number 407
The hydrolysis of phosphatidylcholine by phospholipase D (PLD)
 results in the production of phosphatidic acid and choline.

>sen2 in abstract number 407
 An assay that
 uses an exogenous substrate was developed to measure this activity in
 membranes and solubilized preparations from HL60 cells.

>sen3 in abstract number 407
 A cytosolic factor
 markedly enhanced PLD activity in membranes and was essential for GTP gamma
 S-dependent stimulation of an enriched preparation of PLD.

>sen4 in abstract number 407
 The factor was
 purified to homogeneity from bovine brain cytosol and identified as a member
 of the ADP-Ribosylation Factor (ARF) subfamily of small G proteins.

>sen5 in abstract number 407

 Subsequently, recombinant myristoylated ARF1 was found to be a better
 activator of PLD activity than was the nonmyristoylated form.

>sen6 in abstract number 407
 ARF proteins
 have been implicated recently as factors for regulation of intracellular
 vesicle traffic.

>sen7 in abstract number 407
 The current finding suggests that PLD activity plays a
 prominent role in the action of ARF and that ARF may be a key component in
 the generation of second messengers via phospholipase D

>sen1 in abstract number 408
A specialized region of the endoplasmic reticulum--the BFA
 body--is defined by the site of accumulation of coatomer when nonclathrin
 coat protein (COP)-coated vesicle assembly is prevented by the drug brefeldin
 A (BFA).

>sen2 in abstract number 408
 BFA bodies are formed by part smooth, part rough domains of
 endoplasmic reticulum that are cis to the classical transitional endoplasmic
 reticulum and to BFA-induced Golgi remnants

>sen1 in abstract number 409
Using a novel in vitro assay which allows us to distinguish
 vesicle budding from subsequent targeting and fusion steps, we provide the
 first biological evidence that beta-COP, a component of non-clathrin-coated
 vesicles believed to mediate intraGolgi transport, is essential for transport
 of protein from the ER to the cis-Golgi compartment.

>sen2 in abstract number 409
 Incubation in the
 presence of beta-COP specific antibodies and F(ab) fragments prevents the
 exit of vesicular stomatitis virus glycoprotein (VSV-G) from the ER.

>sen3 in abstract number 409
 These
 results demonstrate that beta-COP is required for the assembly of coat
 complexes mediating vesicle budding.

>sen4 in abstract number 409
 Fractionation of rat liver cytosol
 revealed that a major biologically active form of beta-COP was found in a
 high molecular pool (> 1,000 kD) distinct from coatomer and which promoted
 efficient vesicle budding from the ER.

>sen5 in abstract number 409
 Surprisingly, rab1B could be
 quantitatively coprecipitated with this beta-COP containing complex and was
 also essential for function.

>sen6 in abstract number 409
 We suggest that beta-COP functions in an early
 step during vesicle formation and that rab1B may be recruited as a component
 of a precoat complex which participates in the export of protein from the ER
 via vesicular carriers

>sen1 in abstract number 410
Microinjection of antibodies against a synthetic peptide of a
 non-clathrin-coated vesicle-associated coat protein, beta-COP, blocks
 transport of a temperature-sensitive vesicular stomatitis virus glycoprotein
 (ts-O45-G) to the cell surface.

>sen2 in abstract number 410
 Transport is inhibited upon release of the
 viral glycoprotein from temperature blocks at 39.5 degrees C (endoplasmic
 reticulum [ER]) and 15 degrees C (intermediate compartment), but not at 20
 degrees C (trans-Golgi network).

>sen3 in abstract number 410
 Ts-O45-G is arrested in tubular membrane
 structures containing p53 at the interface of the ER and the Golgi stack.

>sen4 in abstract number 410

 This is consistent with inhibition of acquisition of endoglycosidase H
 resistance of ts-O45-G in injected cells.

>sen5 in abstract number 410
 Secretion of endogenous proteins
 and maturation of cathepsin D are also inhibited.

>sen6 in abstract number 410
 These data provide in vivo
 evidence that beta-COP has an important function in biosynthetic membrane
 traffic in mammalian cells

>sen1 in abstract number 411
We have identified a novel natural metabolite, ilimaquinone
 (IQ), from sea sponges that causes Golgi membranes to break down completely
 in vivo into small vesicular structures (called vesiculated Golgi membranes
 [VGMs]).

>sen2 in abstract number 411
 Under these conditions, transport of newly synthesized proteins from
 endoplasmic reticulum (ER) to the cis-Golgi-derived VGMs is unaffected;
 however, further transport along the secretory pathway is blocked.

>sen3 in abstract number 411
 Upon
 removal of the drug, VGMs reassemble rapidly into a Golgi complex, and
 protein transport is restored.

>sen4 in abstract number 411
 By employing a cell-free system that
 reconstitutes vesicular transport between successive Golgi cisternae, we
 provide evidence that the inhibition of protein transport by IQ is
 specifically due to an inhibition of transport vesicle formation.

>sen5 in abstract number 411
 In
 addition, like brefeldin A (BFA), IQ treatment prevents the association of
 beta-COP and ADP-ribosylation factor to the Golgi membranes; however, unlike
 BFA treatment, there is no retrograde transport of Golgi enzymes into ER

>sen1 in abstract number 412
Coatomer, a complex of seven proteins, appears to be the
 precursor of the coat structure of non-clathrin-coated Golgi-derived
 vesicles.

>sen2 in abstract number 412
 Another component of this vesicle coat is the cytosolic protein
 ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF).

>sen3 in abstract number 412
 Like coatomer, ARF appears to reversibly
 associate with Golgi membranes.

>sen4 in abstract number 412
 We now report that ARF is required for
 coatomer binding to Golgi membranes and that myristoylated, but not
 non-myristoylated, ARF is the required species.

>sen5 in abstract number 412
 We utilize an antibody
 directed against the beta-subunit of coatomer (beta-COP) to follow coatomer
 binding.

>sen6 in abstract number 412
 ARF and beta-COP bind stoichiometrically to Golgi membranes.

>sen7 in abstract number 412

 ARF-dependent beta-COP binding requires a membrane-associated protein, is
 saturable, and is enhanced in the presence of stable GTP analogues like
 guanosine 5'-O-(3-thiotriphosphate) (GTP gamma S).

>sen8 in abstract number 412
 ARF and beta-COP bind
 sequentially to Golgi membranes, since beta-COP can be bound to reisolated
 membranes that had been previously incubated with ARF and GTP gamma S.

>sen9 in abstract number 412
 We
 conclude that membrane-bound ARF confers to Golgi membranes all of the
 requirements for specific beta-COP binding

>sen1 in abstract number 413
We examined the distribution of the non-clathrin-coated
 vesicle-associated coat protein beta-COP in rat exocrine pancreatic cells by
 immunogold cytochemistry.

>sen2 in abstract number 413
 Labeling for beta-COP was found in the Golgi region
 (48%) where it was associated with vesicles and buds of approximately 50 nm,
 showing a characteristic approximately 10-nm-thick coat.

>sen3 in abstract number 413
 The other half of
 the label was present in the cytoplasm, not associated with visible coats or
 membranes, with a minor fraction present on small clusters of tubules and
 vesicles.

>sen4 in abstract number 413
 Clathrin-coated vesicles were typically located at the trans-side
 of the Golgi complex, and showed a thicker coat of approximately 18 nm.

>sen5 in abstract number 413
 Of
 the total beta-COP labeling over the Golgi region, 68% occurred on the
 cis-side, 6% on the cisternae, 17% on the rims of the cisternae, and only 9%
 on the trans-side.

>sen6 in abstract number 413
 For clathrin these figures were 16, 2, 4, and 78%,
 respectively.

>sen7 in abstract number 413
 At the cis-Golgi side beta-COP was present in transitional
 areas (TA), on so-called peripheral elements (PE), consisting of tubules and
 vesicles located between the cup-shaped transitional elements (TE) of the RER
 and the cis-most Golgi cisternae.

>sen8 in abstract number 413
 Label for Sec23p was also present in TA but
 was located closer to the TE, while beta-COP labeled PE were located near the
 cis-Golgi cisternae.

>sen9 in abstract number 413
 Upon energy depletion, Golgi associated beta-COP was
 almost exclusively (86%) in spherical aggregates of 200-500 nm in diameter,
 whereas the cis-side (6%), the cisternae (1%), the rims (4%) and trans-side
 (3%) of the Golgi complex, were barely labeled; 50% of the total label
 remained in the cytoplasm.

>sen10 in abstract number 413
 The aggregates were predominantly located at the
 cis-side of the Golgi stack, next to, but distinct from the Sec23p positive
 TA, that were devoid of beta-COP and had only a few recognizable vesicles
 left.

>sen11 in abstract number 413
 Incubation with aluminum fluoride resulted in fragmentation of the
 Golgi complex into large clusters of beta-COP positive vesicles, while 50% of
 the label remained in the cytoplasm, as in control cells.

>sen12 in abstract number 413
 After 10 min of
 Brefeldin A treatment 91% of beta-COP was cytoplasmic and only 7% associated
 with membranes of the Golgi complex.

>sen13 in abstract number 413
 The total label for beta-COP over
 exocrine cells remained unchanged during the incubation with either of the
 drugs, indicating that the drugs induce reallocation of beta-COP.

>sen14 in abstract number 413
 Our data
 suggest that beta-COP plays a role in membrane transport at the cis-side of
 the Golgi complex

>sen1 in abstract number 414
Recent in vivo studies with the fungal metabolite, brefeldin A
 (BFA), have shown that in the absence of vesicle formation, membranes of the
 Golgi complex and the trans-Golgi network (TGN) are nevertheless able to
 extend long tubules which fuse with selected target organelles.

>sen2 in abstract number 414
 We report
 here that the ability to form tubules (> 7 microns long) could be reproduced
 in vitro by treatment of isolated, intact Golgi membranes with BFA under
 certain conditions.

>sen3 in abstract number 414
 Surprisingly, an even more impressive degree of
 tubulation could be achieved by incubating Golgi stacks with an ATP-reduced
 cytosolic fraction, without any BFA at all.

>sen4 in abstract number 414
 Similarly, tubulation of Golgi
 membranes in vivo occurred after treatment of cells with intermediate levels
 of NaN3 and 2-deoxyglucose.

>sen5 in abstract number 414
 The formation of tubules in vitro, either by BFA
 treatment or low-ATP cytosol, correlated precisely with a loss of the
 vesicle-associated coat protein beta-COP from Golgi membranes.

>sen6 in abstract number 414
 After removal
 of BFA or addition of ATP, membrane tubules served as substrates for the
 rebinding of beta-COP and for the formation of vesicles in vitro.

>sen7 in abstract number 414
 These
 results provide support for the idea that a reciprocal relationship exists
 between tubulation and vesiculation (Klausner, R.

>sen8 in abstract number 414
 D., J.

>sen9 in abstract number 414
 G.

>sen10 in abstract number 414
 Donaldson, and J.

>sen11 in abstract number 414

 Lippincott-Schwartz. 1992.

>sen12 in abstract number 414
 J.

>sen13 in abstract number 414
 Cell Biol. 116:1071-1080).

>sen14 in abstract number 414
 Moreover, they show
 that tubulation is an inherent property of Golgi membranes, since it occurs
 without the aid of microtubules or BFA treatment.

>sen15 in abstract number 414
 Finally the results
 indicate the presence of cytosolic factors, independent of vesicle-associated
 coat proteins, that mediate the budding/tubulation of Golgi membranes

>sen1 in abstract number 415
Two distinct steps in nuclear envelope assembly can be assayed
 in vitro: the protein-mediated binding of nuclear-specific vesicles to
 chromatin, and the subsequent fusion of these vesicles to enclose the
 chromatin within a double nuclear membrane.

>sen2 in abstract number 415
 Nuclear vesicle fusion, like
 fusion in the secretory pathway, requires ATP and cytosol and is inhibited by
 nonhydrolysable GTP analogues.

>sen3 in abstract number 415
 The sensitivity of nuclear vesicle fusion to
 GTP-gamma S requires a GTP-dependent soluble factor, the properties of which
 are strikingly similar to a GTP-dependent Golgi binding factor (GGBF) that
 inhibits Golgi vesicle fusion in the presence of GTP-gamma S and belongs to
 the ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF) family of small GTPases.

>sen4 in abstract number 415
 In the presence of
 GTP-gamma S, ARF proteins and alpha-, beta-, gamma-, delta-COP ('coatomer')
 subunits are associated with Golgi transport vesicles, but the exact roles of
 ARF proteins in secretion are not yet understood.

>sen5 in abstract number 415
 We report here that
 purified ARF1 and GGBF have GTP-dependent soluble factor activity in the
 nuclear vesicle fusion assay.

>sen6 in abstract number 415
 Our results show that the function of ARF is
 not limited to the Golgi apparatus, and indicate that there may be a link
 between the formation of nuclear vesicles during mitosis and proteins
 involved in secretion

>sen1 in abstract number 416
We describe the potential role of ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF)
 in vesicular trafficking using an in vitro assay that efficiently
 reconstitutes transport between the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and the
 cis-Golgi compartment in mammalian semi-intact cells, a population of cells
 in which the plasma membrane is physically perforated to reveal intact ER and
 Golgi compartments.

>sen2 in abstract number 416
 We demonstrate that peptides identical to the
 amino-terminal domain of ARF, which inhibit ARF cofactor activity in cholera
 toxin-catalyzed ADP-ribosylation of G alpha S (Kahn, R.

>sen3 in abstract number 416
 A., Randazzo, P.,
 Serafini, T., Weiss, O., Rulka, C., Clark, J., Amherdt, M., Roller, P., Orci,
 L., and Rothman, J.

>sen4 in abstract number 416
 E. (1992) J.

>sen5 in abstract number 416
 Biol.

>sen6 in abstract number 416
 Chem. 267, 13039-13046), inhibit
 transport of the vesicular stomatitis virus G protein between the ER and
 cis-Golgi compartment.

>sen7 in abstract number 416
 Inhibition of transport was rapid (t1/2 = 30-60 s) and
 irreversible.

>sen8 in abstract number 416
 Half-maximal inhibition was observed at concentrations of 15
 and 22 microM with peptides identical to the amino-terminal domain of the
 human ARF4 (hARF4) protein and the human ARF1 protein, respectively.

>sen9 in abstract number 416
 Kinetic
 analysis of vesicular stomatitis virus G protein transport suggested that the
 hARF4 peptide inhibits a late vesicle fusion step.

>sen10 in abstract number 416
 In addition, incubation of
 semi-intact cells in the presence of the myristoylated form human ARF1
 (hARF1myr) protein, but not the nonmyristoylated form of ARF1, inhibited
 transport.

>sen11 in abstract number 416
 In contrast to peptide, the hARF1myr blocked an early transport
 step, similar to that observed with guanosine 5'-3-O-(thio)triphosphate.

>sen12 in abstract number 416

 These results suggest that ARF and components facilitating ARF function play
 an important role in the cyclical fission and fusion of transport vesicles
 mediating ER to Golgi trafficking

>sen1 in abstract number 417
Brefeldin A (BFA) causes a rapid redistribution of coat proteins
 (e.g., gamma-adaptin) associated with the clathrin-coated vesicles that bud
 from the trans-Golgi network (TGN), while the clathrin-coated vesicles that
 bud from the plasma membrane are unaffected. gamma-Adaptin redistributes with
 the same kinetics as beta-COP, a coat protein associated with the
 non-clathrin-coated vesicles that bud from the Golgi complex.

>sen2 in abstract number 417
 Upon removal of
 BFA, however, gamma-adaptin recovers its perinuclear distribution more
 rapidly.

>sen3 in abstract number 417
 Redistribution of both proteins can be prevented by pretreating
 cells with AlF4-.

>sen4 in abstract number 417
 Recruitment of adaptors from the cytosol onto the TGN
 membrane has been reconstituted in a permeabilized cell system and is
 increased by addition of GTP gamma S and blocked by addition of BFA.

>sen5 in abstract number 417
 These
 results suggest a role for G proteins in the control of the clathrin-coated
 vesicle cycle at the TGN and further extend the similarities between
 clathrin-coated vesicles and non-clathrin-coated vesicles

