>sen 1 from filter Km|km and from paper 168
 The Km for BAR-PZA was greater and the kcat
 was smaller than for PZA determined by saturation kinetics.

>sen 2 from filter Km|km and from paper 376
 While Golgi membranes stimulated the
 exchange of GTPgammaS for GDP on all of the ARFs tested, mammalian ARF1 was
 the best substrate, with an apparent Km of 5 microM.

>sen 1 from filter Kinetics|kinetics and from paper 43
 Here, we analyzed the
 kinetics of Golgi breakdown in the absence of COPII-dependent ER export with
 high temporal and spatial resolution using quantitative fluorescence
 microscopy.

>sen 2 from filter Kinetics|kinetics and from paper 99
 On the basis of the
 site of coated vesicle accumulation, cisternal dilation and the normal
 kinetics of cargo transport from the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) to Golgi
 followed by delayed Golgi to cell surface transport, we suggest that Golgi
 function in cargo transport is preferentially inhibited at the
 trans-Golgi/trans-Golgi network (TGN).

>sen 3 from filter Kinetics|kinetics and from paper 160
 We characterized the kinetics of Arf GAP2 and its regulation.

>sen 4 from filter Kinetics|kinetics and from paper 168
 Analysis of
 single turnover kinetics revealed a transition state intermediate that was
 affected by the BAR domain.

>sen 5 from filter Kinetics|kinetics and from paper 193
 Although these approaches have raised further
 questions for the field, they have also been instrumental in providing
 essential new information, in particular relating to the morphology of
 transport carriers and the exchange kinetics of coat proteins and their
 regulators on membranes.

>sen 6 from filter Kinetics|kinetics and from paper 252

 The addition of aluminium fluoride locks coatomer onto Golgi membranes and
 also decreases the binding kinetics of both ARF1 and ARFGAP1, suggesting that
 these proteins function in concert to mediate sorting and vesicle formation

>sen 7 from filter Kinetics|kinetics and from paper 362
 To determine whether arf mutants exhibit similar phenotypes, the
 anterograde transport kinetics of multiple cargo proteins were examined in
 arf mutant cells, and, surprisingly, both COPI-dependent and COPI-independent
 cargo proteins exhibited comparable defects.

>sen 8 from filter Kinetics|kinetics and from paper 363
 The
 kinetics of transport to late compartments are slower, and less cytosol is
 needed for guanosine-5'-O-(3-thiotriphosphate) (GTPgammaS) to inhibit
 transport, suggesting that each assay reconstitutes a distinct transport
 event.

>sen 9 from filter Kinetics|kinetics and from paper 400

 Moreover, the ATP requirement and kinetics of cell-free fusion are not
 altered by brefeldin A or depletion of cytosolic ARFs.

>sen 10 from filter Kinetics|kinetics and from paper 406
 An
 ARF-free cytosol produced from soluble Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) extracts
 supports intra-Golgi transport by a mechanism that is biochemically
 indistinguishable from control transport reactions: ARF-free transport
 reactions are NSF-dependent, remain sensitive to the donor Golgi-specific
 inhibitor ilimaquinone, and exhibit kinetics that are identical to that of
 control reactions containing ARFs.

>sen 11 from filter Kinetics|kinetics and from paper 417
Brefeldin A (BFA) causes a rapid redistribution of coat proteins
 (e.g., gamma-adaptin) associated with the clathrin-coated vesicles that bud
 from the trans-Golgi network (TGN), while the clathrin-coated vesicles that
 bud from the plasma membrane are unaffected. gamma-Adaptin redistributes with
 the same kinetics as beta-COP, a coat protein associated with the
 non-clathrin-coated vesicles that bud from the Golgi complex.

>sen 1 from filter (ATP)|ATP and from paper 62
 Thus, activation of
 the sympathetic nervous system releases this population of KATP channels from
 storage in the Golgi and, hence, might facilitate the adaptive response to
 metabolic challenges

>sen 2 from filter (ATP)|ATP and from paper 88
OBJECTIVE: Cell-surface localization and intracellular
 trafficking are essential for the function of ATP-binding cassette
 transporter A-1 (ABCA1).

>sen 3 from filter (ATP)|ATP and from paper 198
 Surprisingly,
 recruitment of Sec18p to SNAREs did not require Sec17p or ATP hydrolysis.

>sen 4 from filter (ATP)|ATP and from paper 260

 RESULTS: By employing a tetrameric affinity construct of the C terminus of
 the K(ATP) channel alpha subunit, Kir6.2, we found that 14-3-3 isoforms
 epsilon and zeta specifically recognize the arginine-based ER localization
 signal present in this cytosolic tail.

>sen 5 from filter (ATP)|ATP and from paper 318
 The phosphorylating activity
 of a protein kinase C, however, plays no role in vesicle formation, since
 this process does not require ATP

>sen 6 from filter (ATP)|ATP and from paper 327
 Inhibition of fusion by activated ARF is also
 independent of endosomal acidification since assays performed in the presence
 of the vacuolar ATPase inhibitor bafilomycin A1 are equally sensitive to
 GTPgammaS-bound ARF.

>sen 7 from filter (ATP)|ATP and from paper 341
 Both pathways require cytosol and ATP and
 are inhibited by GTPgammaS.

>sen 8 from filter (ATP)|ATP and from paper 345
Formation of small vesicles resembling synaptic vesicles can be
 reconstituted in vitro by incubating labeled homogenates of PC12 cells with
 ATP and two cytoplasmic proteins, AP3 and ARF1 [Faundez, V., Horng, J.-T. &
 Kelly, R.

>sen 9 from filter (ATP)|ATP and from paper 356
Synaptic vesicles can be coated in vitro in a reaction that is
 ARF-, ATP-, and temperature-dependent and requires synaptic vesicle membrane
 proteins.

>sen 10 from filter (ATP)|ATP and from paper 363
 Like in vitro transport to
 the medial-Golgi (medial assay), transport to the trans-Golgi and TGN
 requires cytosol, ATP, and N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive fusion protein (NSF).

>sen 11 from filter (ATP)|ATP and from paper 372
 When LDM fractions were solubilized with
 Thesit (octaethylene glycol dodecyl ether) or Triton X-100, approximately 40%
 of the alpha-SNAP was colocalized with NSF on glycerol gradients in large
 (approximately 20S), ATP-sensitive complexes.

>sen 12 from filter (ATP)|ATP and from paper 400

 Moreover, the ATP requirement and kinetics of cell-free fusion are not
 altered by brefeldin A or depletion of cytosolic ARFs.

>sen 13 from filter (ATP)|ATP and from paper 414
 After removal
 of BFA or addition of ATP, membrane tubules served as substrates for the
 rebinding of beta-COP and for the formation of vesicles in vitro.

>sen 14 from filter (ATP)|ATP and from paper 415
 Nuclear vesicle fusion, like
 fusion in the secretory pathway, requires ATP and cytosol and is inhibited by
 nonhydrolysable GTP analogues.

